MSFT FY '10 Q1 Earnings Conference CallBill Koefoed, Chris LiddellFriday, October 23, 2009BILL KOEFOED:  Thanks everyone for joining us this morning.  As you know, yesterday was a significant day at Microsoft with the launch of Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2.  We hope that you were able to see and participate in some of the exciting launch activities held around the globe.As usual, here with me are Chris Liddell, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Frank Brod, Corporate Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer; and John Seethoff, Deputy General Counsel.Today, Chris will start with takeaways from the first quarter of our 2010 fiscal year.  Then, I'll get into the details of the quarter, before handing it back to Chris who will discuss our business outlook.  After that, we'll take your questions.We filed our Form 10-Q this morning.  In addition, we posted our quarterly financial summary slide deck, which is intended to follow the flow of our prepared remarks, as well as provide a reconciliation of differences between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures.  You can find these documents at the Investor Relations Web site at Microsoft.com/msft.Today's call will be Web cast live, and recorded.  If you ask a question, it will be included in our live transmission, any future use of the recording, and in the transcript which will be posted on our Web site.  You can replay the call and view the transcript at the Microsoft Investor Relations Web site until October 23rd, 2010.  This call is protected by copyright law and international treaties.  Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this report, or any portion of it, without the express permission of Microsoft may result in civil and criminal penalties.We will be making statements during this call that are forward-looking.  These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties.  Actual results could differ materially because of factors discussed in today's earnings press release, in the comments made during this conference call, and in the risk factor section of our Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, and other reports and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statement.I want to point out one last thing before I turn the call over to Chris.  With the recent move of Windows Live, we changed the name of the Client Division to the Windows and Windows Live Division.  During the call, we will refer to this business as the Windows Division.Okay, Chris, the call is yours.CHRIS LIDDELL:  Thanks, Bill.  And good afternoon, everyone.The results of the first quarter were strong, particularly on an adjusted earnings per share basis primarily as a result of two main factors, consumer demand for our Windows and Xbox products combined with excellent cost controls.  This result was achieved despite relative weakness in business spending, which has yet to see a broad-based recovery.  Having said that, it is showing signs of stabilization at lower levels.  And while it is too early to tell, the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2009 might well have been the bottom of the economic reset.Looking at the broader picture, at our Financial Analyst Meeting in July I articulated our approach to what we described as the “New Normal” around five major shareholder value strategies:  maximizing cash flow, streamlining our cost structure, driving operational excellence, capturing market share, and investing in innovation.  I'm very happy with our progress at each of those five strategies during the quarter.For example, operating cash flow was $6.1 billion in the quarter, which is a terrific result given the economic conditions are still challenging.  We resumed our share buyback program with 1.4 billion of shares repurchased in the quarter, retained our 13 cents per share dividend, and built our net cash and investment balance to over $33 billion.During the quarter, we also continued to focus on our long-term cost structure.  We realized a 10 percent decrease in operating expenses over the prior year due to a lower number of people employed, a lower cost per person, lower vendor spend, and lower marketing costs.  Our headcount at the end of the quarter was 4 percent lower than the same time last year, the first time that a reduction of that significance has been achieved in the company's history.Over the last three months, we've continued to show great operational excellence with not only the successful launch of Windows 7, but also the Windows Server 2008 R2 global launch yesterday, and the release to manufacturing of Exchange 2010.In market share, while it's very early days, we're very happy with the progress of our search engine Bing.  Other notable accomplishments during the quarter include the continued gains in Windows Server, System Center Management Tools, and Xbox Live.  Despite the focus on costs, we've continued to invest in innovation, and this year, to name a few, we will release Windows Azure, SharePoint 2010, SQL Server 2008 R2, Office 2010, and continue to deliver innovations in Bing.So, in summary, I'm very happy with both the short-term quarterly financial results, and our progress on the factors that we believe will drive long-term success.So, with that, I'll provide more color on our outlook after Bill gives you some additional details on the quarter.BILL KOEFOED:  Thanks, Chris.I'll start with the company overview, and then go through revenue performance for each of our business units.  All of my comments are adjusted for the $1.5 billion of revenue deferred this quarter from both the Windows 7 Upgrade program, and Windows 7 licenses sold in advance of general availability.  Keep in mind that this is a non-GAAP view, and all GAAP/non-GAAP reconciliations can be found in our slide deck.All growth comparisons relate to the corresponding quarter of last year, unless I specify otherwise.  Overall, revenue was down 4 percent because of continued weakness in global demand, especially in the business segment.  This was a positive result considering the macroeconomic environment.  And, as Chris noted earlier, we were pleased with the strength of consumer demand particularly for our Windows and Xbox products.Foreign exchange headwinds had a $233 million or about a 2 percentage point impact in the first quarter.  This quarter, our products billing mix was roughly 35 percent annuity, 30 percent OEM, and 25 percent license only, with the balance coming from our other businesses.Enterprise agreement renewals were in line with our expectations, and our multi-year annuity revenue grew low single digits in line with our outlook last quarter.  In terms of geographic mix, revenue in the U.S., driven primarily by consumer demand, was relatively strong compared with other regions.Unearned revenue, again adjusted for Windows 7 was $13 billion, down slightly from last year.  Our contracted-not-billed balance was over $13 billion, in line with last year.Now let's move on to our thoughts on the PC market.  PC hardware demand improved significantly.  On a sequential basis, we estimate the PC market was up mid-teens.  Year on year we estimate the market grew 0 to 2 percent.  We estimate consumer PCs grew mid single digits from last year primarily due to growth in netbooks.  This quarter, netbooks represented about 12 percent of the total PC market, similar to the mix last quarter, and represented significant growth over the prior year.  Business PCs declined high single digits year on year, but were up sequentially.Now, with that backdrop, let's move on to the revenue and business drivers by segment beginning with the Windows Division.  Overall, OEM unit sales increased 6 percent from last year, several points over the PC market due to higher attach and some inventory builds in advance of the Windows 7 launch.At our Financial Analyst Meeting in July, Steve shared with you a slide that bridged the change in the PC market to OEM revenue growth.  We have included the first quarter bridge in our slide deck.To start, OEM revenue decreased 6 percent from last year.  Changes in segment mix represented a 7 percent decline in OEM revenue from the prior year.  This was due to the PC market dynamics I discussed earlier, including continued growth in netbooks, and the overall higher mix of consumer PCs versus business PCs.Windows attach and inventory represented a 4 percent increase.  Attach rates increased year-over-year due to strong attach gains on netbooks, and a continued shift to multinational OEMs, which reduced piracy.  Other items represented a 3 percent decrease, due to the shift toward multi-national OEMs and the wind down of the Windows XP revenue deferral.  The commercial, retail and online portion of the Windows division was up 2 percent, primarily driven by pre-sales of Windows 7.Now, let me touch on some sequential trends.  On a sequential basis OEM units increased 19 percent, or about 3 percentage points faster than the overall PC market.  OEM revenue, meanwhile, increased 20 percent sequentially, and as you can see exceeded OEM unit growth.To put the quarter results in perspective, Q1 represented the highest number of Windows licenses sold in one quarter ever.  And September was the highest single month of Windows unit sales ever.  In summary, it was a very solid quarter for the Windows division, and with Windows 7 we have a great product for the recovering PC market.Now, let's move to Server and Tools.  In general the conditions from the fourth quarter remain unchanged.  We had a strong attach of Windows Server, SQL Server, and System Center.  As a result, our license-only and OEM business declined less than the 20 percent drop estimated for the underlying X-86 server hardware market.  Annuity revenue was up single digits, in line with the outlook we gave last quarter.  FX rate changes were a 2 percentage point headwind to revenue.As I mentioned earlier, we launched Windows Server 2008 R2 to the market yesterday.  We believe the virtualization and management capabilities offered are currently the best value in the marketplace, and we are excited by the enterprise enthusiasm for this product.Moving on to the Online Services Division.  Online advertising revenue was down 3 percent, but included a 3-point FX headwind.  While we experienced continued growth in page views, display revenue was weighed down by industry-wide, year-over-year declines in advertising rates.  On a sequential basis, however, rates seem to be stabilizing.In the U.S., search revenue was up mid-single digits, despite industry-wide monetization declines in the quarter.  We continue to make search share gains with Bing, with share in the U.S. up every month since the June release.  In July we signed a commercial agreement with Yahoo! to further gain scale and momentum in the search business.  We are working through the regulatory review process and continue to be hopeful the deal will be approved early in calendar 2010.In addition earlier this week we announced strategic partnerships with Facebook and Twitter.  These partnerships demonstrate our continued search innovation and specifically with social media, and real time content.  Moving on, Microsoft Business Division revenue was down 11 percent, due to declines in both business and consumer spending.  FX rate changes were a 2 percentage point headwind to revenue.Business revenue was down 4 percent, reflecting weak business PC sales.  Within that, annuity revenue was up low single digits, in line with the outlook we provided last quarter, while license-only sales declined over 20 percent.Consumer revenue, which includes the OEM and retail portions of this business declined 34 percent, driven by tough inventory comps over last year, due to prior year pricing promotions, and lower attach from the continuing shift to lower priced PCs I discussed in my Windows division commentary.Within MBD we continue to see double-digit growth in our SharePoint, Office Communications Server, and CRM products.  In the Entertainment and Devices Division, while console revenue was impacted by price cuts and volume decline, overall gaming revenue was up almost $100 million.Halo 3 ODST was the number one selling console title in the U.S. last month, along with five other Xbox 360 games in the top 10.  With a worldwide install base of almost 34 million consoles, Xbox 360 continues to lead the industry with an 8.7 software title attach rate.  Xbox Live also contributed strongly to the quarter's performance, with revenue growth in excess of 50 percent.  We believe consumers will be excited by the richer multimedia enhancements, and integration with social networks that we are delivering this fall.Now for the rest of the income statement:  Cost of revenue was flat at $2.8 billion, driven by increased search distribution and online costs, which were offset by lower Xbox 360 console costs, and Service and Support costs.  Operating expenses decreased 10 percent to $5.6 billion, driven by reductions in headcount, headcount related expenses and vendor costs.Diluted shares outstanding were about 9 billion, down 2 percent from the prior year.  This quarter we repurchased $1.4 billion worth of shares, and paid $1.2 billion of dividends.  Adjusted earnings per share was 52 cents, an 8 percent increase from the prior year.  Cash flow from operations was $6.1 billion.So, to wrap up, while business spending and the macroeconomic environment remained challenging, the consumer segment performed better than expected, Windows 7 is off to a great start, and we feel terrific about our execution this quarter.With that, I'll hand it back to Chris, who is going to discuss our business outlook.CHRIS LIDDELL:  Okay.  Thanks, Bill.The remainder of this call I'll discuss our expectations for the second quarter, and the remainder of Fiscal 2010, starting with our assumptions for the industry.  Overall the corporate IT spending trends we discussed in July remain intact.  In our conversations with CIOs, many remain cautious about existing budgets, and spending through the end of this calendar year.  However, we believe calendar 2010 has the potential for improvement.Given the industry backdrop we're extremely well positioned due to the strongest product cycle in our company's history, and also continue to believe that we will exit the economic reset a much stronger, more focused, and cost efficient company.Turning to segment expectations, in the second quarter we expect Windows Division revenue, excluding the impact of the Windows 7 upgrade program, to be in line with overall PC market growth.With the launch of Windows 7, we expect inventory to rebuild in the channel, and an increase in retail sales.  This should offset the three hardware trends we've seen in recent quarters, which are netbooks growing faster than non-netbook PCs, consumer PCs growing faster than business PCs, and emerging markets growing faster than developed markets.In the second quarter we expect to recognize virtually all of the $1.7 billion of Windows 7 Upgrade revenue deferrals from the last two quarters.  For the balance of the fiscal year we expect Windows Division revenue to remain in line with, or slightly ahead of the overall PC market growth, with the main variable being the pace of business PC improvement.We see the potential for a corporate PC refresh cycle beginning in calendar year 2010, although it could be gradual and occur over a couple of years.  We also expect the netbook mix to stabilize over the course of the year.  In the second quarter we expect Microsoft Business Division dynamics and revenue trends to be largely the same as they were in the first quarter, with growth lagging PC shipments, due to the factors Bill mentioned in his commentary.For the full year, the consumer and business non-annuity revenue, approximately 40 percent of the total, should face the same trends as in the second quarter, with increasing pressure in advance of the next product cycle, and as such could continue to lag PC shipments.  We continue to expect annuity revenue, representing 60 percent of the total revenue, to be broadly flat for the full year.As I called out last quarter, MBD results should improve when we start to see business spending recover, combined with the impact of Office 2010.  The Server and Tool Business is most closely aligned to enterprise spend.  We expect the server shipment trend to gradually start to improve towards the end of our fiscal year.We expect non-annuity revenue, which is approximately 35 percent of the total, to move generally in line with server shipments for the quarter and the year, and annuity revenue will be mid-single digits, while Services should be flat for the year.In the Entertainment and Devices Division, although we realized upside from our first party games in the first quarter, remember we released two significant titles in the second quarter of last year, which should cause difficult year-over-year comparisons.  We, therefore, expect E&D revenue to decline several points in the second quarter, but we expect the full-year revenue to be roughly flat, as price cuts taken in August are offset by attach revenue and a larger console install base.Turning to cost of goods sold, driving cost out of our operations, plus a more favorable revenue mix, resulted in a better performance there.  And we now expect COGS as a percentage of revenue to increase only one point this year.With operating expenses, we also continue to make excellent progress.  We're lowering our guidance for the full year to a range of $26.2 to $26.5 billion down from what we said in July.  This decrease has also absorbed an additional $100 to $200 million of Yahoo! integration costs should the deal pass regulatory review.  We will continue to look for additional cost savings opportunities both in cost of goods sold and in operating expenses through the rest of the fiscal year.  We expect CAPEX to be at most $2 billion for the year, and the tax rate to be 25 percent.So, in summary, I feel great about how we're executing, given the economic reset.  We're driving excellent cash flow, product innovation, and continued cost discipline.  More importantly, our strategies will position us to take advantage of a recovering economy, which we hope to begin in the next calendar year.The ensuing revenue growth combined with continuing cost discipline will set us up for long-term earnings per share growth, and a significant return of shareholder value. CHRIS LIDDELL:  Yes.  In terms of the premium mix, clearly that's going to change with the SKU structure that we have in Windows 7.  And I think we'll start to see a better  in terms of that statistic, a better number going forward simply because we won't have Home Basic in the developed markets.  So, we're going to see a much better Home Premium mix.In terms of sort of how that feeds through to financials, which I think is the main point, we start to see it improve better when we get a better business PC mix.  And to date, we're clearly seeing headwinds in that, and hopefully next year as we start to see a business PC refresh cycle, we'll start to see a better mix there.But that average selling price, which in the last year has been probably a negative, I would expect to turn neutral, or even slightly positive as we go through the year, Adam. CHRIS LIDDELL:  I think it will be a net positive throughout the year simply because channel inventory builds, and then even if it just stays at that level it will be positive relative to a low level that was throughout last year.  So, we don't need to see any additional build from what we saw for it to be a year on year mathematical benefit.  So, I think it's going to be a benefit right through the year, whether it continues to get even better again, we'll see.  And that's going to depend clearly on the demands that OEMs see through the Christmas period.What we saw, and you're certainly right, it was last year as the economy contracted, and people clearly reduced the amount of inventory heads, so we not only had lower demand, we had lower inventory holdings.  We saw that reversed in the first quarter, but we've only gotten back to what I've described as normal levels.  We haven't gotten an excess of inventory in the channels.  That's clearly dependent upon demand.  So, we've gotten back to a normal level.  If we stick at that, it will be a year on year benefit.  If we get good sales, and good sell-through of Windows 7-based PCs, which we're expecting, we can see some additional channel build as well. CHRIS LIDDELL:  Sure.  The $100 to $200 million that I mentioned in my commentary is the cost, and that includes all of what I've described as one-off costs, the setup costs in anticipation of migrating over.  So, that would be the total.  And that will clearly depend on when we get the regulatory review, assuming that we do, and how quickly we can implement.  So, there is a range there.On the revenue side, there will be virtually no revenue contribution this fiscal year.  So, all of those costs will be, if you like, one-off startup costs that we will incur this year in anticipation of our revenue contribution in Fiscal Year '11. CHRIS LIDDELL:  It will be hundreds of millions, but it's not going to be more than that or less than that - you're in the right order of magnitude.  I can't give you anything more specific than that on this call. CHRIS LIDDELL:  Well, certainly in the cost of goods sold area, I see that really as a journey that never ends.  So, that's something that we're going to focus on year after year after year now, and certainly in good manufacturing discipline a lot of it is manufacturing hardware COGS, that's the sort of approach you should take.So, certainly we've embarked on a project which has made some significant difference in the short-term, and you're right, we're starting to see some benefit of that bleeding through this fiscal year.  So, I'm really happy with the progress that we've made.  But that's not going to be a one-off where we just do it this year, and then we stop.  That's going to be something that we will look to continue the disciplines that we've brought in place in the last six to nine months.  So, definitely getting some short-term benefit.Definitely, you'll get some this year.  I wouldn't promise a lot more than we're starting to guide to, because I think we're fairly accurate on what we're likely to achieve this year.  But I would like to think that's a program that we can perpetuate next year, and the year after, and really in perpetuity there-afterwards. CHRIS LIDDELL:  Yes, sure.  I'll stick to external forecasts on the underlying server demand.  Most of the external forecasts are seeing it improve from sort of around now through to next year.  So, we would expect, and we subscribe to that, we would expect it to get less negative as the year goes on, and start to improve through next calendar year.The benefit we're seeing there is mainly like in market share.  So, we've got great attach relative to the server market.  So, as it starts to improve, we'd see the non-annuity component of our revenue start to improve as well.  So, that should be an evolving trend through the rest of this fiscal year going into the next calendar year.How quickly that will happen?  We'll see.  I think we're all waiting to see how well the economy rebounds when it does.  We're still, as I was at the July Financial Analyst Meeting, still on the relatively conservative side.  We're not seeing a large rebound.  But we'd like to think, certainly as we go into next calendar year, we'll start to see businesses spending again.  And we'll be raised with that with good attach.On the services side, it's going to be pretty flat.  I wouldn't expect that to bounce back quickly.  So, a flattish expectation on the services side certainly through the rest of this fiscal year, and going into the next one would be my starting point. CHRIS LIDDELL:  On the business side, you're right.  Anecdotal feedback is certainly good at this stage from corporates, in terms of their reaction to Windows 7 and the benefits it brings.  We're still staying reasonably cautious about the upgrade cycle, certainly we expect it to begin next year, but we talk about it spreading over maybe a couple of years.  So, I would like to think that we will start to see much better business PC numbers year-over-year next calendar year, and I think we've been consistent on that on the last couple of calls, and we're still there.  All of the feedback that we’ve got so far is positive.  And so that supports a view that we'll start to see that.  How quickly that will happen, we're not going to speculate quite yet.  But, certainly all the early signs are good at this stage.On the shrink-wrap, or FPP side, again, we only launched yesterday, so it's a little hard to tell, because people are buying in anticipation of demand, as opposed to actual demand.  But, again, the    CHRIS LIDDELL:  Sure, that's been very good.  But, that's small.  That's small, but that's been extremely good.  I would say that's been right at the top end of our expectations, a modest financial impact, but extremely good sort of reaction.  So, that has been extremely good, and the sales in retail we are expecting through the next three months to be very good. CHRIS LIDDELL:  This is the earliest ever for Fiscal Year '11 guidance, I think.  Okay.  I really don't want to give a specific number, but I don't see any internal force that is going to significantly increase OPEX in Fiscal Year '11 at this stage.  I think the disciplines that we put in place are going to continue at least for that period of time.  And while we'll clearly be looking to fund some projects - I'm not going to say it's flat - I don't see it ramping back to anything like what you might have seen before the economic reset in terms of growth.  And that's in particular because at this stage we're still relatively cautious about the economic rebound.  So, I think this fiscal discipline that you have seen will continue certainly for the next, let's say, 12 to 18 months.Now, I caution you with the obvious comment, we're just about to go into our strategic planning round, which then goes into our budgeting round, so that's a directional comment, that's not a specific guidance at this stage. CHRIS LIDDELL:  I'll start with the consumer reaction, because that's the sort of leading indicator.  And how do we feel about the consumer reaction to firstly having Windows on a netbook, obviously that's been phenomenal going from zero attach to in the mid-'90s.  So, people are clearly willing to pay for having Windows on their netbook.  So, that's the sort of first and most important fundamental.Then, in terms of Windows 7 reaction, clearly yet to see, but early indications in terms of the OEM builds that we're having and the mix that they're putting in terms of Windows 7 is encouraging.  Now, it's very early days, but encouraging at this stage in terms of their expectations for the number of people who are going to want to see a Windows 7 on their netbook as opposed to an XP.In terms of the ASP impact, clearly it's higher on Windows 7 than what it would be on XP, so a significant premium off a modest base.  So, it's going to be beneficial, but I think it's more important symbolically from our point of view that people see value in Windows 7 and are willing to pay for it.Netbooks, even though they've grown fast are still a relatively small component of the overall demand.  So, it's not going to have a massive financial impact.  It will certainly help, in terms of ASP comparisons year-over-year, if we get the sort of good attach of Windows 7 that we're starting to see early days of. CHRIS LIDDELL:  Sure.  On the display side I'd say we're actually relatively in line, certainly with Yahoo! when we saw their numbers.  So, volume and monetization was sort of broadly in line, I would say, with the market.  So, I'm not entirely sure about your under-performance comment.  But, it is nevertheless difficult, and in particular on the monetization side.  We've had good volume on the display side - we've continued to see that right through the economic reset.  It's been growing in double digits on the volume side.The difficulty has been on monetization.  So, in terms of volume I'd say there's no lack of focus, because we're continuing to see good user engagement and demand.  On the monetization side it's been tough, and that's clearly because of what's been happening in the overall economy, and I think to the extent people have had budgets, they might have pushed more in the search side than the display side.We should start to see that improve going forward as we see the economy recover.  So, I think you'll see display start to get better.  The other thing in display which might be hurting our numbers is just FX.  We have a reasonably strong international component, so FX was a headwind in the first quarter, but no lack of focus there.  Certainly a lot of focus in search, but there's plenty of people still working on the display side.What was the second part of your question, sir? CHRIS LIDDELL:  No, they're helping it a little bit with volume.  They're not helping significantly with the financial side, because of the nature of it.  But, certainly in terms of the market share growth in the quarter, that was negligible from Cashback, that was really all the underlying search engine, and clearly the marketing and user engagement we got from that, so not much of an impact from that at all in the quarter. CHRIS LIDDELL:  Sure, it's rebounding very quickly, and I think in the quarter you saw, relative to where we were three months ago, PC demand rebounded very quickly relative to everyone's expectations.  So, it's very hard, because of all of the underpinnings of what's going to happen in the overall economy.What I think we're seeing is the robustness of the concept of a PC, even though we have an economic reset, it's something that people want to spend money on.  I think that gives us confidence in the sort of long-term trend, and the long-term ability to have good, potentially double-digit growth in PC demand, and that's clearly helped by the fact that we've got new form factors.  Windows 7 helps clearly.  You're just seeing a general positive trend on a long-term basis that was resilient to the reset.What that's going to mean for the rest of the fiscal year, I think you're going to see good consumer demand.  Clearly that was helping last quarter.  I think that will continue.  You're going to see good emerging market demand.  That's really continued right through the last year.  So, there's been double-digit growth in most of the emerging markets right through the last year.  I think the consumer and developed markets will start to gradually continue to improve.The big variable in my mind is business PCs.  That's been a significant negative.  That's decreased double-digits over most of the last few quarters, and it's dragged down the numbers.  That can't continue forever.  Eventually those PCs wear out and have to be replaced.  So, the big variable in terms of rebound is going to be the strength and speed of the business PC refresh cycle.  We hope and expect that to be next year.  As I said in one of the earlier calls, we're probably still relatively cautious.  But, when you start to see a rebound in that area, plus what you're seeing on the consumer side, we feel pretty good about what PC demand is going to look like for next calendar year. CHRIS LIDDELL:  Yes.  Europe is relatively weak.  So, that would probably be the weakest area on a relative basis.  So, I would start with emerging markets, in particular China, and all the major ones, were very strong.  The U.S. is recovering a bit.  Europe is relatively weak.  So, that would be at the low end of all the numbers that I'm seeing. CHRIS LIDDELL:  I guess when you see an economic recovery.  So, it depends a little on how you feel about that.  Again, I think what we have said, and I'll stick with it (even though it was a better than expected quarter, this quarter), this calendar year as transitioning to next calendar year, I feel very good about the dynamics, or potential dynamics for the next calendar year, as we start to see economies improve.  You're seeing economic forecasters expecting economic growth next year, globally and in Europe.  You're starting to see forecast for business spending turning, from people like Gartner, again, on a global basis.So, that's going to underpin spending overall.  The European consumer, when they will start to get more aggressive, I really don't know.  But, I don't expect a lot for the rest of this calendar year.  I'd start to see it improve next calendar year. CHRIS LIDDELL:  Yes, when we sell it to the OEMs is when we recognize it.  Now, they buy licenses in anticipation of selling PCs, obviously.  That can vary in terms of their supply chain as to how far in advance of when they actually make a sale they buy the license.  It can vary, but it's on average, say, a couple of months, around eight weeks.  So, people last quarter were buying licenses in anticipation of sales that they're making this quarter.  And they'll be buying licenses now in anticipation of Christmas, for example.  So, it varies, as I say, depending on the supply chain of the entity, but on average around eight weeks.  CHRIS LIDDELL:  Yes.  It's about half and half.  It's about half what we describe as inventory impact, about half attach.  And on the attach side, there's two impacts there.  One is the continuing growth in netbooks, which have a very, very high attach rate.  So, as they grow slightly faster than non-netbook PCs, you see attach benefit.  And also, in the larger OEMs, we certainly see them gaining market share, and they tend to have a higher attach rate than the system builder channel as well.  So, we're starting to see some attach benefit from that.So, those two attach benefits add up to about half of what we show on that line.  The other half I would put down to sort of inventory replenishment in the channel. CHRIS LIDDELL:  No, there's nothing specific that I would point to there.  As you said, there were a couple of days of billing that we held out of the last quarter, but then also we lost a day or two into the next quarter, so there wasn't a significant impact from that.I would just say generally speaking, we're seeing good adoption of our products.  We've got a good product suite out there.  So, I would just point to that.  But there's no underlying trends that I would say were particularly positive.  As I pointed out in my commentary, really the business cycle was very much as we expected in the quarter.  And you have to remember that what we're seeing now is just people playing out their budgets on the corporate side that were set, let's say, in December last year, where most people were expecting the world to be very difficult through this year.So people are just simply spending their budgets that are set to a large extent.  And it's unlikely that we're going to see a rebound even in this quarter coming up.  It's only going to be next year when people reset their budgets for next year in the next few months, and perhaps start to take a slightly more optimistic view, that we'll start to see business spending start to pick up.  So, no particularly positive trends that I would point to other than overall reaction to our product suite.  It was fairly much as we anticipated, which was subdued during the quarter.CHRIS LIDDELL:  Yes.  Windows Live is really going to be driven by, in particular, how we see that monetization come through, and that comes back to the strength of the overall economic recovery.  I would like to think you're going to see display rates go up, as we start to see the economy recover, and I think you've started to see that from us and other people.  Certainly, it's stopped getting worse.I, again, would probably stick with the same basic line we've had on most things, that we'll start to see some economic improvement on that side as the economy starts to improve, and that's going to be next calendar year more than this calendar year, and it's probably going to be gradual.  That continues to be our base case pretty much across the board for all the things that sort of drive in particular the business side. 