 MSFT Earnings Conference CallBill Koefoed, Peter KleinThursday, January 28, 2010BILL KOEFOED:  Thank you, Barb.And thanks everyone for joining us this afternoon.  Let me begin by welcoming Peter Klein to his first Earnings Call as Microsoft's Chief Financial Officer.  Also joining us today are Frank Brod, Chief Accounting Officer, and John Seethoff, Deputy General Counsel.Today, Peter will start with takeaways from the second quarter and our 2010 fiscal year.  Then, I'll get into the details of the quarter, before handing it back to Peter, who will discuss our business outlook.  After that, we'll take your questions.We filed our Form 10-Q this afternoon.  In addition, we posted our quarterly financial summary slide deck, which is intended to follow the flow of our prepared remarks, as well as provide a reconciliation of differences between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures.  You can find these documents at the Investor Relations Web site at Microsoft.com/msft.Today's call will be Web cast live, and recorded.  If you ask a question, it will be included in our live transmission, any future use of the recording, and in the transcript which will be posted on our Web site.  You can replay the call and view the transcript at the Microsoft Investor Relations Web site until January 28, 2011.  This conference call is protected by copyright law and international treaties.  Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this call, or any portion of it, without the express permission of Microsoft may result in civil and criminal penalties.We will be making statements during this call that are forward-looking.  These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties.  Actual results could materially differ because of factors discussed in today's earnings press release, in the comments made during this conference call, and in the risk factor section of our Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, and other reports and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statement.Okay, Peter, it's all yours.PETER KLEIN:  Thanks, Bill.And good afternoon, everyone.  It's a pleasure to be joining you for my first earnings call.  I've met with many of you over the last two months, and during my prior roles at Microsoft.  And I look forward to spending time with many more of you in the months ahead.Over the course of my career, both inside and outside of Microsoft, in good economies and bad, I've learned that there are a few constants that persistently translate to success, working with great people and relentlessly focusing on creating value for customers, employees, and shareholders.  I'm delighted to have the opportunity to do that in my new role, building on our current momentum, and driving future growth.Now let me share some thoughts on our second quarter results.  We reported record revenues and record profit.  These results were driven in large part by strong consumer demand for Windows 7 in PCs.  While consumer demand remains healthy, we have not seen the return of enterprise spending growth.Meanwhile, our ongoing work managing expenses and aligning our cost structure to the highest priorities has enabled us to drive earnings growth ahead of revenue growth.  We also returned $4.8 billion of cash to investors through dividends and stock repurchases.As we have previously discussed, we are just starting our strongest product cycle ever.  This quarter was highlighted by the successful launches of Windows 7, Windows Server 2008 R2, and Exchange 2010.  We released Office 2010 to beta, and introduced more Bing innovations this quarter.  Bing has now gained market share each month since it's launch.We also announced upcoming releases of two very important and compelling offerings that will drive growth into the future, Windows Azure and Natal.  Azure is our cloud platform which is providing developers, partners, and our customers with smooth transitions to the cloud with tools and processes they already know.  Natal, which is based on our natural user interface work, will energize this generation's gaming and entertainment experience starting this coming holiday season.So, in summary, I'm very pleased with our progress this quarter.  We have momentum with products in market.  We have an exciting pipeline of new products.  And we delivered strong financial results.I'll now hand the call back to Bill to give you some additional details on the quarter, and then come back and provide some thoughts on our outlook.BILL KOEFOED:  Thanks, Peter.I'll start with the company overview, and then go through revenue performance for each of our business units.  I will then review the rest of the income statement.  Please keep in mind that all growth comparisons relate to the corresponding quarter of last year unless I specify otherwise.  As Peter mentioned, we had an exceptional quarter with record revenue and profit.  Overall, revenue grew 14 percent to just over $19 billion, primarily driven by strong Windows 7 consumer demand.  Net income and earnings per share were $6.7 billion, and 74 cents respectively.  Excluding the $1.7 billion of revenue recognized from the Windows 7 Upgrade Program, and Windows 7 licenses sold in advance of general availability, revenue grew 4 percent.  Foreign exchange did not have a significant impact on revenue during the quarter.  Our product billing mix in the second quarter was roughly the same as last year with 30 percent annuity, 30 percent OEM, and 25 percent license only with the balance coming from our other businesses.Now let me dive deeper into the overall revenue mix.  Geographically, emerging markets grew mid-teens, while mature markets grew single-digits.  In terms of segments, consumer demand continues to be the driver of growth.  While we saw stabilization in the business segment, as Peter mentioned, we have not seen a return of enterprise spending growth to date.Enterprise agreement sales cycles have lengthened, and multi-year annuity revenue was flat year-over-year.  Unearned revenue was $12.5 billion, down slightly from last year.  On a sequential basis, unearned revenue was down primarily due to this quarter's recognition of the $1.7 billion of Windows 7 revenue that I referred to earlier.Our contracted not billed balance was approximately $13 billion, down slightly from last year.Now for the PC market.  PC hardware shipments grew substantially during the quarter, fueled by demand for Windows 7, and innovation from our OEM partners.  The combination of Windows 7, and the unprecedented variety of hardware choices, form factors, and price points, makes it a terrific time for customers to get exactly the PC they want.  Year over year, we estimate the PC market grew 15 to 17 percent.  More specifically, we estimate consumer PCs grew more than 20 percent, while business PCs were roughly flat.  This quarter netbooks represented about 11 percent of the total PC market, roughly flat compared with last year and last quarter.Now, with that backdrop, let's move on to revenue and business drivers by segment, beginning with the Windows and Windows Live Division, which I will refer to as the Windows Division.  All of my comments related to the Windows Division are adjusted to exclude the $1.7 billion of Windows 7 revenue I referred to earlier.  Keep in mind that this is a non-GAAP view, and all GAAP/non-GAAP reconciliation s can be found in our slide deck, which is posted on our Web site.Overall, the Windows Division had a phenomenal quarter with record quarterly revenue of $5.2 billion, growing 28 percent year-over-year.  This growth was mainly driven by increased OEMs unit sales of 22 percent.  OEM revenue increased 21 percent and grew faster than PC shipments for the first time in eight quarters.  As in the prior quarter, we have included a slide that bridges the difference between the PC market growth and OEM revenue growth.Changes in segment mix represented a 9 percentage-point headwind to OEM revenue.  This was caused by two factors, a higher mix of consumer PCs than business PCs, and emerging markets outpacing mature markets.  Windows attach and inventory drove 10 percentage points of OEM revenue growth.  Attach accounted for about half the increase.  Year-to-date, we saw solid attach gains across all regions, channels, and form factors.  Inventory, accounting for the other half of the increase, was a result of OEMs rebuilding inventory to exit the quarter at normal levels as we discussed in last quarter's call.Windows 7 up-sell and channel dynamics drove 6 percentage points of OEM revenue growth reflecting consumer demand for Windows 7 home premium, and demand for Windows 7 on netbooks.  The commercial, retail, and online portion of the Windows division great 55 percent, primarily driven by the retail launch sales of Windows 7.Now, let me give you some additional Windows data points.  Through the end of the second quarter we sold more than 60 million Windows 7 licenses, making it the fastest-selling operating system in history.  Windows is attached to more than 90 percent of netbooks, with Windows 7 accounting for well over half of that.  Windows consumer licenses grew more than 35 percent year-over-year.  And finally, Q2 was another record quarter representing the highest number of Windows licenses sold in one quarter ever.  In fact, Q2 beat the previous record set last quarter by 20 percent.  In summary, it was an exceptional quarter for the Windows division.  With Windows 7 we have terrific consumer momentum, and a great product for the business PC market when it recovers.Now, let's move to Server and Tools.  The server hardware market was stronger than expected for the quarter, although still down slightly year-over-year.  Our OEM and license-only revenue continued to out-perform underlying X86 server hardware market shipments, while annuity revenue grew low single-digits.  This quarter we released Windows Server 2008 R2.  Customer adoption for this, and our virtualization and management offerings continue to build momentum.Revenue from our virtualization offering, such as Premium Editions of Windows Server and System Center grew double-digits.  At PDC we provided an update on Windows Azure, including the anticipated commercial availability next month.  In addition, we recently announced a three-year agreement with Hewlett-Packard.  This partnership offers customers comprehensive solutions, whether for data centers, or public cloud.  We are also very excited about the upcoming May release of SQL Server 2008 R2, which will further expand our capabilities in business intelligence, and data warehousing.Now for the Online Services Division, while search revenue grew, display revenue was hampered primarily by international rate decline.  We continue to be pleased with Bing's momentum to date, including seven consecutive months of share gains in the U.S.  Regarding our Yahoo! partnership we are still working through the regulatory review process and continue to be hopeful the deal will be approved early this year.Now, onto the Microsoft Business Division.  In general the conditions from last quarter remain unchanged.  Revenue was down 3 percent as enterprise spending remained soft.  Business revenue was down 6 percent, due to weak business PC sales.  The non-annuity component of business revenue was pressured in advance of the next product cycle.  Annuity revenue was roughly flat, as expected.  Consumer revenue, which includes the OEM and retail portions of this business, increased 12 percent.  This growth was primarily due to better than expected consumer PC shipments, although it still lagged the overall PC market.Within MBD we continue to see double-digit growth of our SharePoint, Office Communications Server, and Dynamics CRM products.  During the quarter we released a beta of Office 2010, which has been downloaded over 2 million times.  In the Entertainment and Devices Division revenue was down 11 percent.  During the quarter we sold 5.2 million consoles, a year-over-year decline of 13 percent.Due to the favorable mix shift to elite and special edition consoles, console ASPs were down only slightly following the Q1 price cuts.  While our software attach rates continue to grow and lead the industry at 8.8, attach revenue declined as we faced difficult comps with the prior year.  Xbox Live continued to contribute to the quarter's performance, and now has 23 million members, over 35 percent growth from a year ago.  We also continue to make progress in the mobile space, and you will hear more about that at Mobile World Congress in February.Now, for the rest of the income statement.  Cost of Goods Sold decreased 7 percent to $3.6 billion, driven primarily by lower Xbox 360 volume and console costs.  These savings were partially offset by increased traffic acquisition and online costs.  Operating expenses increased 1 percent to $6.9 billion, and included approximately $290 million of legal expenses.  We continued to execute on our resource management plan, and during the quarter eliminated an additional 800 positions.  Year-over-year headcount declined 8 percent.  This quarter cash flow from operations was $5 billion, and we repurchased $3.6 billion of shares, and paid $1.2 billion of dividends.So, to wrap up, while we have yet to see a return of business spending growth, the consumer segment performed better than expected, and we couldn't be more pleased with the reception of Windows 7 by our partners, developers, and most importantly, our customers.  We continue to be excited by our momentum, and believe we are well-positioned for the future.And with that, I'll hand it back to Peter who is going to discuss our business outlook.PETER KLEIN:  Thanks, Bill.  Now I'll discuss our expectations for calendar 2010.  From a macro-perspective IT spending should improve from the recessionary levels of 2009.  Taking into account second quarter results, we are incrementally positive towards the PC and server hardware market.  As we've been saying, we expect the business hardware refresh cycle to begin this calendar year occurring gradually over a couple of years.  When thinking about the remainder of Fiscal 2010 keep in mind that our third quarter tends to be seasonally weaker than our second and fourth quarters.Now addressing each of the divisions individually.  In the third quarter we expect Windows Division revenues to be roughly in line with the overall PC market growth.  Attach gains and inventory rebuild, relative to the prior year should offset macro trends of consumer PCs growing faster than business PCs, and emerging markets growing faster than mature markets.When thinking of sequential trends in the third quarter, keep in mind Q2 included a large retail launch impact.  For the full year, we expect the Windows Division revenue to grow inline with the overall PC market growth.  The Microsoft Business Division’s revenue in the third quarter should largely demonstrate the same dynamic as in the first half.  Consumer and business non-annuity revenue, approximately 40 percent of the total, will face ongoing pressure in advance of the next product cycle and as such should lag overall PC shipments until Office 2010 becomes generally available in June.We expect annuity revenue representing 60 percent of total revenue to be broadly flat for the full year.  The release of the Office 2010 beta this quarter was an important milestone.  We received terrific feedback from early adopters about the flexibility and powerful new ways to stay productive across the PC, browser, and phone.As you think of the fourth quarter financial impact of the Office 2010 release, keep in mind the timing of the launch,is late in the quarter, and the financial impact should be seen starting in FY '11.  The Server and Tools business is most closely aligned to server hardware shipments and business IT spending.  We expect server shipments to show year-over-year growth in Q3 and Q4 for the first time in several quarters.  We expect non-annuity revenue, which is approximately 30 percent of the total to move generally in line with this.Annuity revenue should grow mid-single digits, while Services should be roughly flat for the year.  For the Online Services Division the outlook for online advertising appears to be improving.  Excluding the impact of our legacy access business, we expect revenues to be roughly in line with the market for the third quarter and full year.In the Entertainment and Devices Division revenue should directionally track with the overall gaming market, and we maintain our view that full-year revenue should be roughly flat.  The past two quarters we have made good progress containing our Cost of Goods Sold, despite the upward pressures of increased traffic acquisition costs in our search business and growth of our online services.  As a result of our operational initiative, improved Xbox 360 console costs and an increasingly favorable revenue mix towards Windows, we now expect Cost of Goods Sold as a percentage of revenue to be roughly flat for this fiscal year.With regard to operating expenses, we remain focused on diligently managing our cost structure and aligning resources.  This full year we reconfirm our guidance of $26.2 to $26.5 billion.  This takes into account our second quarter performance, the impact of one-time costs, including the Yahoo! partnership integration expenses, and higher revenue-driven selling expenses.  We also reconfirm that our capital spending for the year will be no more than $2 billion, and our effective tax rate should be approximately 25 percent.  We continue to generate strong, free cash flow and will return capital to shareholders through dividends and stock repurchases over the long run.So, in summary, we delivered very good financial results and are well positioned for future growth.  We have great momentum in the market with Windows 7, and the upcoming launches of Office 2010 and Natal.  Heading into 2010 we are encouraged by the possibility of improving market conditions, converging with the strongest wave of products in our company's history.Although the timing is uncertain, we are well positioned to capitalize on the business spending recovery when it occurs.    PETER KLEIN:  Yes, thanks, Adam.  Obviously, the biggest driver of the ASP’s will be the business PC refresh and the growth in that.  And the timing of that remains uncertain.  We maintain our general view, which we've had, that it will start to occur this year and occur gradually over the next couple of years.  So, as that does that obviously has an impact on our average selling prices.  What we saw this quarter on the consumer side was a great adoption of Home Premium, as well as Windows 7 on netbooks, which is driving that up-sell that Bill talked about.  So, those two things combined will be the drivers and it just really depends on the macro. PETER KLEIN:  Yes, we think, as we said in the guidance,  revenue is going to be in line with PCs.  There's some headwind from emerging markets and consumers.  So, we'll have to offset that with ASPs and other things, and attach. PETER KLEIN:  Yes.  Obviously, it's too early to talk about FY '11.  We're working through that planning process right now, and as soon as we get through that, I'll certainly get out and talk to everybody about that.  Let me get the operating costs.  We are executing against our plan very effectively, something I've been focused on even before taking this role, working with Chris and the leadership team on that, and feel great that we've got a thoughtful plan that we've come up with, and we're doing what we said, and executing against that.A big part of that is prioritization, and making sure the resources are allocated to the high return areas, and that will be the approach that we take when we build our FY '11 plan, absolutely, so that approach stays the same. PETER KLEIN:  I think there are multiple dynamics on the COGS side, and it's too early to get into that for FY '11.  You know, there's puts and takes in the online services, traffic acquisition costs, offset by improvements we make across the board, whether that's Xbox 360 consoles, and some of our operations as well.  So, we'll just have to get through the planning process on that. PETER KLEIN:  Yes.  That is the hope.  Certainly on the enterprise agreement renewals, it is starting to take longer.  We're getting them done.  The sales cycles have been elongating.  The good news is, we're getting them done, maybe not in the quarter that they expire, but when we get them done, we're not dropping products off of them.  And in most cases, we're actually adding new product onto the EA.  And so we feel great about the trajectory there.  I tend to agree with you that as the enterprise spend does pick up, given our product pipeline, we feel very well positioned from an enterprise agreement perspective. PETER KLEIN:  Well, you know, it's hard to say.  A lot of that is going to depend on the shape of enterprise spend, and business spend.   PETER KLEIN:  You know, the thing that I can say is, we have a great product pipeline.  We don't have visibility into exactly what business spend will be, so we're just going to have work through that over the next couple of quarters.  The only thing we can control, as we've been saying, is the products.  We feel like we're executing against those, and we'll keep working the enterprise agreements as we can. PETER KLEIN:  I would just encourage anybody to think through their view, there are differing views of what enterprise spend is going to be.  You'll just have to apply your view of that. PETER KLEIN:  Yes.  Thanks, Kash.  Good question.  On the consumer side, we had a very good retail quarter, about $500 million, which is a little bit more than we expected.  So, that dynamic that you highlighted is actually happening.  People are going to retail and buying shrink-wrapped Windows to put on their PCs.  On the business side, anecdotally, a lot of interest.  Businesses are incredibly enthusiastic about deploying, and so we'll hope to see that flow through over the coming year.  So in both cases, a lot of positive momentum, as you indicate.  PETER KLEIN:  Yes.  I would definitely say it's stabilized.  The mix has stayed stable.  Our attach is very high, over 90 percent.  And, as Bill said, over 50 percent of that is Windows 7.  And so what we're finding is, people want Windows 7 on all devices, and all form factors.  And that's really what's been driving the quarter, and the success of Windows 7.  We've worked closely with all of our OEM partners to deliver the broadest range of devices, PCs, notebooks, whatever you have.  And whether it's a netbook, or a laptop, or notebook, or a desktop, Windows 7 is on them.  So that's very positive for us. PETER KLEIN:  Yes.  They don't change the strategy that we have in both those businesses.  In E&D, you do need to separate mobile from the entertainment side, or the Xbox side.  The Xbox is in a very good position right now.  We've got a great install base of engaged users.  We've got the Xbox Live asset.  We've got Natal coming out.  We're working through the profitability on the console costs.  So a ton of momentum and a really exciting year coming up.On the mobile side, our strategy remains the same.  As we've been saying from a product perspective, we're working very hard on the next version of Windows Mobile.  As Bill indicated, we'll be talking more about that in Barcelona in a few weeks.  But I wouldn't think of the organization changes as fundamentally changing the strategy.  It just put us in a better position to continue to execute against what we're doing. PETER KLEIN:  Yes.  So the biggest ones are the ones I talked about.  There's the Yahoo! integration expenses, which is a one time new expense that we didn't have last year.  And then, given the increase in revenue that we'll see over the recessionary levels that we saw last time, there's just some variable sales costs that go along with that.  So those drive year over year increases.  And those are the two biggest things.Obviously, we've been aware of those, it's been included in our plan, and our guidance that we've had for the last several quarters. PETER KLEIN:  Well, I'll say two things.  Inventories are about at normal levels.  So, we feel pretty good on all the checks we've done on sell through, inventory is at normal levels.In terms of the comparison to Vista, it's a different world now, right.  We have some headwinds that we may not have had then in terms of the mix, the sort of segment mix that Bill talked about in terms of consumer and emerging market, which is really some headwind, and so if you break it out that granularly and you look at the attach and inventory gains of 10 percent, half of that being attach, that's a good result.  And as I mentioned before, for us to continue to grow in line with the PC market, given those headwinds of the segment mix, we're going to continue to have to do better on attach and inventory and some of the up-sell, as well. PETER KLEIN:  No updates.  We're still waiting for regulatory approval, and we're still hopeful we will close that deal early this year.  It's a long-term process.  We're continuing to work to get the Yahoo! deal done, get that integrated and get the benefits of scale. PETER KLEIN:  Yes, it's hard to say exactly how it would play out.  I will tell you that the activity and the conversation, there's nothing about waiting for service packs for sure.  Everybody is really, really super-excited about Windows 7 right now.  So, there's a ton of activity.  How that will play out in deployment cycles, remains to be seen and people are working through that.  But, I would say there's way more business activity now than in previous launches. PETER KLEIN:  Yes, it was about $3.6.  My philosophy with the launch is going to be very consistent with what we've been doing.  We have a target amount of cash, appropriate cash that we think we need to have, and then the operating cash flow after capital and acquisitions will be over the long-term distributed back to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases.  So, exactly the same consistent philosophy we've had over the last several years. PETER KLEIN:  Yes, so the puts and takes are  as you think about the sort of whole generation of gaming, we've got Natal coming out this year.  We should think of it beyond sort of the rest of this fiscal year, and then how we go up and down depends on timing of software titles.  You know, we have industry leading attach, but there's a big difference on timing when we have first party titles versus third party titles.  So, I would consider what we're doing excellent growth and it gets sort of reenergized with Natal as we head to holiday next year. 