 MSFT Earnings Conference CallBill Koefoed, Peter KleinThursday, April 22, 2010BILL KOEFOED:  Thanks everyone for joining us this afternoon.  With me today are Peter Klein, Chief Financial Officer; Frank Brod, Chief Accounting Officer; and John Seethoff, Deputy General Counsel.Today, Peter will start with overall takeaways from the quarter.  Then, I'll give the details of our performance, before handing it back to Peter, who will discuss our business outlook.  After that, we'll take your questions.Please note, we filed our Form 10-Q this afternoon.  In addition, we posted our quarterly financial summary slide deck, which is intended to follow the flow of our remarks, as well as provide a reconciliation of differences between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures.  You can find these documents at the Microsoft Investor Relations Web site at Microsoft.com/msft.Today's call will be Web cast live, and recorded.  If you ask a question, it will be included in our live transmission, any future use of the recording, and in the transcript which will be posted on our Web site.  You can replay the call and view the transcript at the Microsoft Investor Relations Web site until April 22, 2011.  This conference call is protected by copyright law and international treaties.  Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this call, or any portion of it, without the express written permission of Microsoft may result in civil and criminal penalties.We will be making statements during this call that are forward-looking.  These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties.  Actual results could materially differ because of factors discussed in today's earnings press release, in the comments made during this conference call, and in the risk factor section of our Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, and other reports and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statement.Okay, Peter, it's all yours.PETER KLEIN:  Thanks, Bill.Good afternoon, everyone.  Our third quarter results reflect our strong product momentum, continued focus on controlling costs, and the beginning stages of a return in business hardware spending.  This quarter we generated record third quarter revenue, and operating cash flow.  In addition, as a result of revenue growth, and our ongoing focus on cost management, when adjusting for the impact of the Tech Guarantee programs this year, we had our third consecutive quarter of year over year margin expansion.Strong demand for Windows 7 was a primary contributor to our performance.  As evidence of that strong demand, both internal and external checks show that over 10 percent of all PCs worldwide are already running Windows 7.  While reaching this level of penetration in six months qualifies Windows 7 as our fastest selling operating system ever, it also illustrates how much opportunity still remains.As I have met with investors, I've commented on the tremendous product momentum we have, which was evident this quarter across all our businesses.  Bing achieved 10 consecutive months of market share growth since its launch.  And both the U.S. Department of Justice and the European Commission cleared our search agreement with Yahoo.  Azure, our cloud development platform, became commercially available in 41 countries.  In the mobile space, we announced Windows Phone 7 and Kin.  And last Friday, we released Office 2010 to manufacturing, and are looking forward to its launch in June.All of this was achieved while continuing to focus on managing costs, and prioritizing our investments.  As a result, we delivered operating income and earnings per share growth ahead of revenue growth, with earnings per share up 36 percent over last year.  We also returned $3.1 billion of cash to investors through dividends and stock repurchases.So, in summary, I am pleased with our continuing performance this quarter.  We have great momentum with the current products in the market.  We have a very exciting pipeline of new products to come, and we continue to deliver strong financial results.I'll now hand the call back to Bill to give you some additional details on the quarter, and then come back and provide some thoughts on our outlook for our fourth quarter, and the next fiscal year.BILL KOEFOED:  Thanks, Peter.As I review this quarter's performance, keep in mind that all growth comparisons relate to the corresponding quarter of last year unless I specify otherwise.  As Peter said, we had another strong quarter.  Overall, GAAP revenue grew 6 percent to $14.5 billion.  During the quarter, we deferred $305 million of revenue related to the Microsoft Office 2010 Technology Guarantee Program.  Adjusting for this amount, revenue would have been $14.8 billion, 8 percent growth over the prior year period.GAAP operating income grew 17 percent year over year, while EPS grew 36 percent.  Operating cash flow this quarter was $7.4 billion, an all-time record for the company.  Foreign exchange had a positive impact to revenue of about $200 million this quarter.  In terms of overall revenue mix, geographically, emerging markets grew more than 20 percent while mature markets grew mid single digits.While consumer demand continued to be strong, we saw renewed strength from small and mid-market customers with year over year growth of more than 15 percent.  Within the enterprise customer segment, we saw the beginning of a recovery in IT hardware spend.  But as we've discussed on past calls, we continue to see lengthened sales cycles.  Enterprise agreement renewal rates, taking into consideration the extended sales cycles, are within our historical range.Unearned revenue was $12.3 billion, down sequentially, as is typical, but better than last year's seasonal trend, and roughly flat year over year.  Our unearned revenue balance would have been up more than $100 million, or 1 percent year over year, when considering the recognition of undelivered elements, primarily associated with our prior Windows XP sales, and the revenue deferral from our Office 2010 Technology Guarantee Program.Multi-year annuity billings were up mid-single digits year over year.  This quarter's growth from volume licensing is beginning to offset the unearned revenue declines we've seen over the past several quarters as we rebuild our unearned balance.Now for the PC market.  Windows 7 and innovations from our OEM partners continued to fuel demand for PCs.  We estimate the PC market grew roughly 25 percent year over year.  Within that, we estimate consumer PCs grew almost 30 percent, while business PCs grew 14 percent.  This quarter, netbooks represented approximately 10 percent of the total PC market.Let's move on to this quarter's performance by business group, beginning with the Windows and Windows Live division, which had another exceptional quarter.We continued to see very strong consumer demand for Windows, with consumer license growth of 35 percent.  We also saw a return in demand for business PCs with licenses up more than 15 percent, leading us to believe the business PC refresh cycle has begun.OEM units increased 30 percent year-over-year, and outpaced PC shipments.  OEM revenue increased 29 percent for the second quarter in a row, and also outpaced the PC market.  As with prior quarters we have included the slide that bridges the difference between the PC market growth and OEM revenue growth.  We experienced a 9 percentage point headwind primarily caused by emerging markets outpacing mature markets, and consumer outpacing business.Windows attach and inventory drove 8 percentage points of OEM revenue growth.  Conditions from the prior quarter remain largely unchanged with inventory exiting the quarter at normal levels.  Windows 7 up-sell and channel dynamics drove 5 percentage points of OEM revenue growth, reflecting adoption of Windows 7 on netbooks, and adoption of premium versions of Windows 7 on business and consumer PCs.  The commercial retail and online portion of the Windows division grew 26 percent primarily driven by retail sales of Windows 7.Now, let's move to server and tools.  We estimate server hardware shipments strengthened considerably with year-over-year growth in the high teens.  The OEM and license-only revenue, which represents 30 percent of the business, grew high single digits, an improvement from prior quarters.  Within that, Windows Server revenue grew mid-teens, while SQL Server and developer tools experienced slower growth in front of new product launches.Annuity revenue, which is approximately 50 percent of the business, was roughly flat.  Enterprise services grew 5 percent.  Our virtualization solutions continue to be strong.  System Center Server revenue grew over 20 percent, and Windows Server Premium mix remains over 20 percent this year.  Additionally our share of new X-86 virtualization licenses, which includes Hyper-V and Virtual Server, is now 25 percent, up three points year-over-year in the December quarter according to IDC.  We released to manufacturing Visual Studio 2010, announced a new partnership with Citrix that furthers our desktop virtualization offerings, and yesterday we released to manufacturing SQL Server 2008 R2.  Clearly, there is a very strong product pipeline in Server & Tools.Now for the Online Services Division, online advertising revenue grew 19 percent, primarily driven by search, which outperformed the market.  We continue to be enthused with Bing's momentum, which includes 10 consecutive months of share gains in the U.S.  We ended the quarter with U.S. query share of 11.7 percent, according to comScore, 340 basis points higher than when we launched Bing last may.  The Yahoo! search partnership implementation is underway and we are working toward U.S. completion by the end of this calendar year, and global completion by early calendar year 2012.Moving on to the Microsoft business division.  In general the conditions from last quarter remain unchanged.  Revenue was down 6 percent, but when adjusted for the Office 2010 Technology Guarantee deferral of $305 million, revenue was up 1 percent.  Within MBD, business revenue was down 1 percent.  As we've discussed previously the non-annuity component of business revenue has been pressured in advance of the next product cycle, while annuity revenue was roughly flat.  Consumer revenue, which includes the OEM and retail portions of this business, increased 11 percent when adjusting for the technology guarantee, and was primarily due to strong PC shipments.Last Friday we released to manufacturing Office 2010 and SharePoint 2010.  We expect commercial availability in May with general availability in June.  With respect to the $305 million tech guarantee deferral, it's important to note that due to varying international availability and fulfillment dates there will be puts and takes to the unearned revenue balance throughout Q4.  However, the tech guarantee deferral balance is expected to remain roughly unchanged at the end of Q4.  We expect that substantially all of the tech guarantee unearned revenue balance will be recognized in the second quarter of fiscal year 2011.During the quarter we made terrific progress in our cloud offerings.  Customers such as Starbucks, McDonald’s, GlaxoSmithKline, Coca-Cola Enterprises, Aviva, and Swedish Red Cross are all going to the cloud with Microsoft.  We now have 40 million paid seats of our commercial online services, clearly companies are choosing Microsoft for their cloud productivity solutions and we intend to build on this momentum.Now, let's move onto the Entertainment and Devices Division.  Gaming revenue declined 4 percent as we sold 1.5 million consoles, a unit decline of 12 percent, which was roughly in line with the overall market.While, our software attach rate continued to lead the industry at 8.8, first party software revenue declined based on difficult comparisons to the prior year's launch of Halo Wars.  This was substantially offset by the continuing strong revenue and membership growth of Xbox Live.  Non-gaming revenue was up 14 percent, reflecting growth in the PC hardware market, and increased Windows Embedded revenue.  As Peter mentioned, we continue to have good momentum on the product side for mobile.  During the quarter we announced Windows Phone 7, and last week we announced Kin, which will be available in the U.S. in May.Now, for the rest of the income statement.  Cost of goods sold decreased 2 percent to $2.8 billion, driven primarily by lower Xbox 360 volumes and console costs.  These savings were partially offset by increased traffic acquisition and online costs.  Operating expenses were $6.6 billion as we continued to manage our expenses and prioritize our investments.  Headcount declined both year-over-year and sequentially.  G&A expenses grew due to contractual costs associated with our Yahoo! search partnership, and legal expenses.  We repurchased $2 billion worth of shares and paid $1.1 billion of dividends.So, to wrap up, the consumer segments continues to drive great results.  In addition, we saw the beginning of the business PC refresh.  This combined with our strong product pipeline and our continued focus on execution, and cost management, means we are well positioned for the future.  With that I'll hand it back to Peter who is going to discuss our business outlook.PETER KLEIN:  Thanks, Bill.Now, I'll discuss our expectations for our fourth quarter and the next fiscal year.  From a macro perspective, we expect the next quarter to be similar to the third quarter, with continued strength in hardware shipments.  We are encouraged by the recent up-tick in business PC growth, and expect that this business refresh cycle will continue over a couple of years.Before I get into my commentary by division, remember that the June quarter is the close of our fiscal year.  As such, it is historically a seasonal high for our enterprise sales, and we are entering it with a strong sales pipeline.  While we've noted early signs of improvement, the business spending environment and associated sales cycles remain challenging.  We will be very focused on closing deals during the quarter, and we expect that unearned revenue will likely return to normal seasonal patterns.Beginning with the Windows division, we expect revenue to grow slightly faster than the overall PC market in the fourth quarter.  Attach, inventory, and premium mix gains should more than offset macro-trends, particularly that of emerging markets growing faster than mature markets.Turning to the Microsoft Business Division, we are very excited about the launch of Office 2010 this June, as it will provide the best productivity experience across the PC, phone, and browser.  The combination of Office 2010, SharePoint 2010, Exchange 2010, and Office Communications Server will be the practical platform for IT, delivering anywhere access to your documents, and unmatched collaboration.  For the fourth quarter, consumer and business non-annuity revenue, approximately 40 percent of the total, should track towards PC shipment growth, while we expect annuity revenue to be up low-single digits.The Server and Tools Business generally aligns to server hardware shipments and business IT spending.  Similar to many observers, we expect server shipments to show healthy year-over-year growth.  In the fourth quarter, we expect that non-annuity revenue should move generally in-line with hardware shipments.  Annuity revenue should grow mid-single digits, while enterprise services revenue should grow low single digits.For the Online Services Division, the outlook for online advertising appears to be improving, and we expect the trends from the third quarter to continue.  Excluding the impact of our legacy access business, revenue should be in-line with or better than the market for the fourth quarter.In the Entertainment and Devices Division, we maintain our view expressed at the last earnings call that full year revenue should be roughly flat relative to the prior year.  This translates into a fairly robust growth rate for the fourth quarter, driven by the uplift from the strong PC market, increased gaming attach revenue, and momentum in Windows Embedded.Switching to costs, we continue to make good progress containing our cost of goods sold, despite the upward pressures of increased traffic acquisition costs in our search business, and growth of our online services.  As a result of our operational initiatives, improved Xbox 360 console costs, and a continuing favorable revenue mix, we now expect full year gross margin to expand 1 percent compared to the prior year.With regard to operating expenses, we remain focused on diligently managing our cost structure, and aligning resources to key priorities.  For the full year, we are lowering our operating expense guidance, now expected to be between $26.1 billion, and $26.3 billion.We estimate that our capital spending for the year will be no more than $2 billion, and our effective tax rate should be approximately 25 percent for both the quarter, and the year.We will continue to generate strong free cash flow, and we will return capital to shareholders through dividends and stock repurchases over the long run, but the amount of repurchases may vary from quarter to quarter.Now, I would like to spend a few minutes looking ahead to fiscal year 2011, with more details to follow at our Financial Analyst Meeting in July.  From a macro perspective, we expect the business refresh cycle, that I referenced earlier, will continue through Fiscal Year 2011.  This combined with strong momentum from Windows 7, and the launches of Office 2010, SharePoint 2010, and SQL Server 2008 R2 will be significant revenue drivers for our core businesses.Switching to Online, we expect the online advertising market to be better in Fiscal Year 2010.  Our business should continue to grow faster than the market, excluding our legacy access business, which will be less of a headwind, as it becomes a smaller portion of the mix.  We expect our partnership with Yahoo! will begin to contribute to our revenue in the second half of the fiscal year.Lastly, the Entertainment and Devices Division will be introducing an unprecedented wave of innovation in the first half of the year, including Natal and its launch titles, as well as Halo: Reach, Fable III, and Windows Phone 7.Now, moving to cost of goods sold.  It's important to consider the shift of revenue mix across software, services, and hardware.  While there are a number of factors to weigh for next year, the single largest variable driving cost of goods sold will be hardware demand in the Xbox business.  Additionally, we will continue to pursue operational efficiency as we have throughout this year.Switching to operating expenses, we are currently working through our budgeting process, and maintain our outlook of $27.0 billion to $27.5 billion.  All of this will allow us to continue to generate exceptional operating cash flow, which we will continue to return to shareholders through dividends and stock repurchases.So, in summary, we delivered very good financial results for the quarter, with strong demand for Windows 7 driving revenue growth, and solid cost management enabling operating income and earnings per share to grow even faster.  As we look forward, we are encouraged by improving market conditions taking shape, as we continue to launch our strongest wave of products in the company's history. HEATHER BELLINI, ISI:  Hi.  Good afternoon, guys.  I was wondering if you could talk about your comment about a return to normal seasonality in unearned revenue.  I guess what I'm wondering is, we had the Tech Guarantee benefit Q3 deferred.  So when we're looking, if normal seasonality were to happen in Q4, are we taking the Q3 ending balance and thinking about it that way, or should we be thinking about adjustments for the Tech Guarantee?  Thank you. PETER KLEIN:  You'll have to break it down into its components.  There's actually two pieces of the non-annuity business, of the transactional business, the Windows Server piece, and then the other pieces of the business.  The Windows Server non-annuity piece actually grew mid-teens, so tracked towards the hardware market.  The other products, things like SQL Server, and Visual Studio grew slower than that in anticipation of a product release that's coming up.  So, it tends to be less sort of correlated, particularly in quarters where there's a significant growth year-over-year.  So that was the issue there.In terms of looking forward, I think we gave the guidance on what we expect for the transactional business, particularly as we launch Visual Studio and SQL Server, tracking more towards the server hardware market. PETER KLEIN:  Yes.  I'm going to take your last question first.  Certainly, as we've said, we expect the largest part of the impact from the launch actually to happen in Fiscal Year '11.  And so typically what you see, since, we're launching it in the May/June timeframe, typically what you see is several quarters after that the impact of that.  So, you should see that in the first half of Fiscal Year '11.You know, in terms of average selling price, it's a little hard to talk about that now.  It's going to be a function of, obviously, mix, but I would just think about it the way Office 2007 launch was.  The one thing I would add to that, where you will see it is in the platform side of the business.  So, the enterprise CALs, and how we monetize the enterprise versions of the productivity infrastructure for SharePoint and Exchange is where you'll see opportunities for overall revenue growth from an ASP perspective, for MBD all up. PETER KLEIN:  Yes, the biggest thing driving the Q4 expenses is revenue-driven expenses that are associated with primarily our enterprise annuity business, which are going to be up a fair amount both sequentially and year-over-year.  So, that's the biggest thing you'll see in Q4.  The other thing you'll see in Q4 is, as I talked about, the wave of product launches that we've got coming, including Office 2010 and SQL Server.  So, just what's happening this quarter is sort of not unique, but those are the things that are really driving what you're seeing in Q4.  And, of course, those have been embedded in our guidance all year long, and the fact of the matter is, we've been trying to manage our costs as thoughtfully as possible, and bring it down whenever we can, which we did this quarter.The dynamics in FY '11, as you know, there's a lot of puts and takes, and we're always prioritizing and aligning our investments.  But all up, you should think the things that are driving it are similar.  There is some revenue-driven, as we continue to grow revenue, and there's also some sales and marketing associated with some key launches that we'll have particularly in the first half of the year, related to the consumer businesses like Natal and phone.  And I would say, keep in mind that it is a pretty measured increase of only 3 to 5 percent for the full year. PETER KLEIN:  Yes, there are a couple of things.  One, that is true, particularly when there are so many products that are launching, so there's a bunch of revenue that's going to come through on the non-annuity side that people are waiting for launches for, and I do think that hardware, if you think about sort of what's happened over the last year, the first thing that got hit and decreased earliest and fastest was hardware, and that's what's coming back first.  And I think over time, as we've been saying, and I think most other people are saying, over the course of calendar 2010, and certainly into 2011, you'll start to see the growth in the overall IT spend.For us in particular, from a sales cycle perspective, Q4 is just seasonally our biggest quarter, and so when you combine sort of the sales cycle, and the product cycle kind of converging on Q4 and beyond, as well as sort of where we are, I think, in the stage of what businesses are doing in terms of first refreshing their hardware, that kind of converges over the next two or three quarters, probably. PETER KLEIN:  Well, it's a great question, John.  You're thinking about all the right components of it.  And certainly attach and piracy are always going to sort of cycle up and down depending on where you are.  We're working through this year sort of a work down of the inventory from last year, and we're still working on that.  We're at sort of normal inventory levels.  That's been a good year-over-year thing for us.  And attach, correct, part of that is piracy related to the launch of Windows 7.  All of those things, we've given you sort of specific color for Q4, and what to expect for the OEM business relative to the PC business.BILL KOEFOED:  If I could just add one thing.  The other thing is, just there's an overall, I think we've talked about it on prior calls, an overall secular change, which is the multinational OEMs are becoming a more significant portion of the total PC market, and that says good things for our attach, relative to the prior mix of our revenue from different PC manufacturers. BILL KOEFOED:  We are seeing that globally. PETER KLEIN:  You know, just in sheer numbers in terms of PC shipments, the consumer is a lot bigger than the business segment.  Now, the impact that you get from the business segment obviously is some ASP uplift.  We're starting to, and you get the corporate refresh in two ways.  You can get sort of volume licensing upgrades, or you can get it at OEM when they buy the PCs, which is the largest piece of the revenue.  And that is what we started to see happen, and you saw some of that impact this quarter with business PC shipments up 14 percent.  That's sort of the shape of the opportunity going forward, as that continues, and you can see that has an uplift on our OEM revenue, relative to the overall PC market. PETER KLEIN:  Yes, just in terms of the numbers, sort of the guidance that we set, we're looking for a sequential increase in Q4 in a similar range that you've seen over the last three, four, or five years of sequential growth.  We're starting to rebuild the balance.  You started to see that happen a little bit in Q3 with our multi-year annuity billing having positive growth.  But, I think that's sort of the essence of what we're expecting, and what we're guiding to.  What was your second question? PETER KLEIN:  I think that's actually a good thing that we'll talk about in July on the Q4 call, just because it's such a bigger issue.  The seasonality, in terms of our bookings in Q4 is so much more material than in Q3.  I think that's when we'll talk about that.   PETER KLEIN:  Yes, thanks.  The comment was for H2, not for Q3, up mid-single digits.  And so if you look at our guidance, again, with the seasonality of our sales cycle, most of that comes from Q4, which was in our guidance that we gave today. PETER KLEIN:  Well, I'm not sure there are specific triggers  I actually think having a driver-based framework and having a really good qualitative discussion about all the factors that drive it, is actually a great way to talk about the outlook, and the environment, and what we're seeing for our businesses.  So, I think there's no specific triggers that are going to change that.  I think the dialogue that we're having around these drivers and this framework is great. PETER KLEIN:  We're not giving a range on that now.  We'll definitely talk about that at the Financial Analyst Meeting in July. PETER KLEIN:  Yes, we're seeing strength across a variety of areas.  You heard Bill talk about all the great customers we have, our commercial online services like SharePoint online, and Exchange online.  That's obviously a big growth area for us.  The 40 million comes from things like Live Meeting, and Exchange Hosted Services, and CRM Online.  And so what you're seeing is really part of our strategy.  So, the broadest array of commercial services for businesses of all sizes.  Some of these are really aimed more at mid-market customers.  Some are aimed more at big enterprise customers.  And we're getting growth from both.  And then the last thing that we sort of touched on, but didn't talk about in great detail was Azure, which is now available in 41 countries, and what that will do really over the next couple of years. PETER KLEIN:  You know, we really haven't seen that at all.  As a matter of fact, when we talk to our enterprise customers there's a high degree of intent to deploy Windows 7 as soon as possible.  There's many, many  a high percentage of our customers are already either in pilot, or pre-launch mode for deploying Windows 7.  So, I think we haven't seen that as a phenomenon at all, people waiting for Windows 7.  In fact, we see the opposite that people are deploying it rather quickly. 