Thursday, October 24, 2019The fourth quarter capped another strong year for Visa as we continued to grow our business across a number of dimensions. In our time today, I'd like to touch on our results, then discuss how we are strengthening our network with the power of partnerships and a focus on customers, and finally provide our initial thoughts on fiscal 2020.To start, our fourth quarter results demonstrate our ability to grow the top line, invest thoughtfully in the business to drive future growth, and return capital to shareholders. An important indication relative to the health of our network is transaction growth. In this regard, Q4 ended strongly, with over 47 billion payment transactions, an increase of 5.3 billion or 12.6% compared to this quarter last year.Payments volume grew at 9% globally, 10% excluding China. We also saw strong growth in payments volume across every region, and growth accelerated versus the last quarter in every international region.Net revenue growth accelerated to 13% or 15% on a constant dollar basis. Non-GAAP EPS growth was 21% or 23% on a constant dollar basis. We also returned $2.7 billion of capital to shareholders in the fourth quarter, consisting of $2.2 billion in share repurchases and $0.5 billion in dividends.Our fourth quarter performance brought our full-year net revenue growth to 13% on a constant dollar basis and non-GAAP EPS growth to 20% on a constant dollar basis. Total capital returned for the year was $10.9 billion.As I reflect on all of 2019, Visa made tremendous progress leading a dynamic industry and advancing the growth of digital payments. This has manifested itself in a variety of fronts. To start, over 180 billion payment transactions leveraged our network in fiscal 2019, of which we processed about 75%. This represented almost $9 trillion in commerce on 3.4 billion credentials, all with the security and protections that our customers value.Relative to growing acceptance, we now have over 61 million physical merchant locations, increasing 14% from 2018. And again, keep in mind that this number is tens of millions higher, as partners like PayPal, Stripe, and Square only count as one location each.And new payment flows crossed the $1 trillion mark for B2B payments volume, representing 12% of our business. We also continued to grow Visa Direct, which supports P2P, B2B, and P2C, in triple digits with over 2 billion transactions.And on our capabilities and value-added services, we acquired four companies that will help us extend the reach of our network and enhance our merchant, fraud, and tokenization solutions. Our organic revenue growth, driven by these capabilities in all value-added services, exceeded 20% this year. This growth was fueled by: the expansion of our issuer, processing, and network services; an increase in our acquirer and merchant offerings, including CyberSource; greater adoption of our risk and authentication tools; and consulting project work. In fact, we helped more than 1,000 clients grow their businesses by leveraging insight from our consultants and data scientists.Our strategic focus throughout 2019 and going into 2020 is clear: drive deeper partnerships with traditional clients; expand access with new players, including new sellers, FinTechs, neobanks, acquirers, and wallets; increase customer engagement by enabling a variety of platforms and simplifying the payment experience; extending value-added capabilities across the ecosystem; and enabling new money movement with our network of networks.Let me elaborate on these focus areas, starting with driving deeper partnerships with traditional clients. We have significant deals in the pipeline, and our efforts have paid off, with us completing agreements in the fourth quarter that represent over 15% of our payment volume. This brings our full-year number to about 30% of our global payment volume. This 30% renewal level is substantially higher than our average of the past five years of 20%.Let me highlight a few clients from this quarter. We renewed our partnership with Bank of America in the United States for several years, maintaining our current debit and credit business while also expanding to capture the new issuance of their Cash Rewards consumer credit card. We're excited to continue to collaborate with Bank of America on innovations such as tap-to-pay and tokenization and utilize data analytics and insights to help uncover growth opportunities.In Central Europe, Middle East and Africa [CEMEA], we had a number of large issuer deals this quarter, including our credit and debit business with Sberbank and Alfa Bank, two of the largest banks in Russia, and the debit business with Emirates NBD, one of the largest banks in the UAE. We also renewed the debit portfolio with Standard Chartered Bank across all of sub-Sahara in Africa. In Latin America, we signed a multiyear agreement to renew our longstanding relationship with Scotiabank, covering 16 countries and territories across Latin America.In Europe, we're focused on driving growth on the continent of Europe while also deepening our existing partnerships in the UK. This quarter we renewed two portfolios with leading UK issuers, one in debit and one in commercial credit. In continental Europe, we renewed our strategic partnership with BBVA in Spain for the next seven years. This agreement with allow Visa and BBVA to grow much faster during this period. Additionally, ZiraatBank, the largest state-owned bank in Turkey, renewed their consumer credit and debit business, and we won new issuance of their commercial credit portfolio.Now let me turn to expanding access with new players such as FinTechs and wallets, which are critical to expanding credentials and acceptance globally. We established and deepened relationships with several FinTech partners across the globe. First, we're pleased that Visa and Europe-based Revolut reached an agreement naming Visa their leading issuingpartner as they seek to expand globally. In addition to increasing our share of their large European business, Revolut will leverage Visa's brand, scale, and global acceptance footprint to bring its product offerings to five new regions, reaching 24 new markets, for a total of 56 markets globally.In the United States, we signed an exclusive five-year deal with the consumer debit and credit business of Chime, a challenger bank that offers its members access to a suite of intuitive banking services. Also in the US, we signed a debit deal with N26, a mobile banking solution which offers goal-based savings features and early paycheck access.In India, we're partnering with Open, a neobank which offers businesses everything from banking to automated bookkeeping, to launch a suite of innovative products, including a business credit card.We also continued to expand our credentials, signing a debit issuance deal with Railsbank, a UK FinTech. In Korea, we are announcing a partnership with Toss to significantly expand collaboration on the payment business in Korea and globally. Toss is a major FinTech startup in Korea and Korea's leading B2B remittance and financial services platform.We recently deepened our partnership with Remitly, a mobile payment service that utilizes Visa Direct to enable users to make P2P international money transfers from the United States, and they will now issue Visa debit cards.Focusing specifically on merchant acceptance, in Mexico we are expanding access with Clip, a mobile point-of-sale solutions provider, to enable merchants to accept digital payments. We're also teaming up with Samsung to allow merchants to accept contactless payments with just an app download and no hardware. So in essence, the phone becomes the terminal.Finally, mobile phone users in India who are Visa cardholders will soon be able to use Google Pay to make simple and secure tokenized payments. We are currently the only card network supported on Google Pay in India. Over time, we look to build more relationships with the entire ecosystem to grow credentials and acceptance globally.Now let me move to the third focus area of increasing customer engagement by enabling a variety of platforms. We are continuing to improve the point-of-sale experience and reduce friction for the entire ecosystem. In the card-present environment, we continue to see progress in tap-to-pay. In the United States, I'm pleased to say that of the top 10 issuers, eight are now participating. More than 100 million Visa contactless cards have been now issued, and we expect 300 million cards by the end of calendar year 2020.In the card-not-present environment, we have spoken before about how secure remote commerce, or SRC, is a way to streamline the digital payment experience across networks,offer greater security, and improve sales. I'm pleased that this month together with our network peers, we launched click-to-pay enabled by SRC with a number of merchants and acquirers in the United States. Broader merchant adoption will take place after the holiday season.We're also enabling a variety of platforms to bring improvements to the payment experience, whether or not a card is present, and the most recent example is with installments. In June we announced the launch of an installment solution,API, a beta version, to our VisaNet platform, where issuers can offer installments to their Visa cardholders directly through participating merchants. At the same time, we're making it possible for third parties like Klarna and PAYD to leverage our assets and offer a variety of installment options. As we always say, we're not in the business of picking winners and losers. We enable the ecosystem and let the customer determine success.In the fourth quarter, Affirm converted their virtual issuance to Visa,and we established a partnership with After pay to support the development of innovative installment solutions in the United States. And we continue to focus on new payment flow opportunities as we expand partnerships to remove friction.Visa Direct continues to grow, driven by three vectors: increasing the volume with existing use cases and markets; extending existing use cases to new geographies; and expanding into new use cases.In our effort to expand P2P payment capabilities in new markets, we teamedup with the platform V.way in Guatemala to utilize Visa Direct to enable the simple and secure transfer of funds with just a mobile number or email address, reaching the unbanked. In Russia, taxi payouts and on-demand loan disbursements are now available,and there's a new use case enabling tipping capabilities with Visa Direct so tips can be paid directly to waiters electronically.In B2B this quarter, Intuit announced Instant Deposit, a new feature that enables real-time disbursements for small businessowners using QuickBooks payments directly to their eligible debit cards using Visa Direct. Most recently we announced that Oracle ERP customers will be able to make Visa Direct payments right from their accounts payable system, reducing the time and investment needed for companies to adopt new push-to-card payment technology. JPMorgan will offer its commercial clients the ability to more efficiently send digital payments with access to Business Payments Network, a collaboration we have with Billtrust, that routes electronic payments from buyers to suppliers through their existing AR provider.We have also opened our Visa B2B Connect network to over 60 markets and added Infosys as a distribution partner to enable financial institutions to send and receive cross-border funds using this new B2B network.We're also working to integrate the four recent acquisitions to expand our value-added capabilities. With Earthport, we expect to have an integrated Visa Direct and Earthport offering in the market in the nextfew months, where clients can send payouts to cards or accounts through a single connection to Visa. For Payworks, we're extending our pipeline for omni-commerce solutions beyond merchants to include more acquirers who can leverage an integrated CyberSource and Payworks platform. With Verifi, as we combine this capability with our traditional dispute process, we plan to grow the Verifi client base through our existing merchant and issuer relationships. For the Rambus token capabilities, we look to grow I n two ways: one, by deepening relationships with existing Rambus clients through our large portfolio of value-added services; and two, by expanding the tokenization offering to more alternative payment rails.And lastly, network of networks, all of these partnerships and capabilities we've discussed as well as many others come together in our offering to provide a powerful network of networks for consumers, businesses, and governments to move money to anyone, anywhere. Each new network endpoint, be it a card, an account, or a business, compounds the value of capabilities we offer to partners and improves the customer experience through a single Visa connection.To close, in 2019 we delivered strong broad-based results and we made great progress positioning the business for future growth. We deepened partnerships. We expanded access with new players. We increased customer engagement and value-added capabilities, and we expanded our acceptance points and our network of networks.As we look ahead to next year,we're excited to remain the official payment technology partner of the Tokyo 2020 Olympics and Paralympics and the only card accepted at next summer's games. As the world's third largest economy, Japan is a market that has tremendous growth potential for Visa, and we have an aligned national interest in expanding digital payments.While occurring in Japan, Tokyo 2020 will be a major global media event, projected to be the biggest in history with 7,000 hours of broadcast programming and 3 billion minutes of streamed content in the United States alone. We will aim to expand this platform to Visa clients all over the world and expect to have a record number of sponsorship activations with our partners.As it relates to the 2020 fiscal year, our financial outlook includes annual revenue growth of low double digits and mid-teens adjusted EPS growth on a constant dollar basis.Before I turn it over to Vasant to go into a lot more detail on our results as well as our 2020 outlook, I want to note that as I look ahead, I'm excited about the multiyear journey we're on to get more involved in all money movement, and I can't recall a time in Visa's history with so much opportunity ahead. To that end, we want to spend some time with all of you discussing our future growth, so we're going to host an Investor Day on February 11 here in San Francisco.Building on the momentum from the third quarter, we had a strong finish to 2019. Fiscal fourth quarter net revenues were up 13% on a nominal dollar basis and 15% in constant dollars. GAAP EPS grew 9%. But excluding this quarter's special item related to the MDL litigation as well as a special item in the fourth quarter of last year, non-GAAP EPS grew 21% and 23% in constant dollars. In September 2019, Visa recorded a $370 million accrual in connection with MDL 1720, depositing an additional $300 million into its litigation escrow and taking into account $70 million of earned interest on existing balances. The funding of the escrow triggered the conversion rate adjustment of Class B common stock to shares of Class A common stock, which has the same effect on EPS as repurchasing $300 million of Class A common stock.Our strong performance in the fourth quarter reflected growth across all our key business drivers. Payments volume growth in constant dollars was consistent with Q3 at 9%. Credit was up 7%. Debit was up 11%. Growth excluding China was up 0.5 point better than Q3 at 10%. As a reminder, Chinese domestic volumes are impacted by dual-branded card conversion, which have minimal revenue impact.U.S. payments volume growth was up 8%, with credit growing 7% and debit 10%. Lower fuel prices and travel spending, the lapping of commercial card wins, and some slowdown in commercial volume were partially offset by a small benefit from processing days. International payments volume growth in constant dollars was 10% and 12% excluding China, accelerating approximately 1 point and 1.5 points respectively.Growth in CEMEA remained strong and accelerated to 25%. Latin America accelerated over 2 points to 18% due to wins and strong performance at existing clients. Asia-Pacific excluding China grew 11%, accelerating 1 point, mostly due to Japan, Australia, and Korea. Europe excluding the UK grew 13%, up 0.5 point. The UK remains weak, but growth has now improved for two quarters after hitting a low in March.Processed transactions grew 11%, down about 0.5 point from the third quarter, mostly due to the U.S.Constant dollar cross-border growth was consistent with the last quarter, up 7% and up 9% excluding volume within Europe, which have similar revenue yields as Europe domestic volumes. Travel-related growth slowed a bit but was offset by a small pickup in e-commerce growth. Outbound commerce accelerated from Latin America, Southeast Asia, and across most of our CEMEA region. Inbound commerce in Europe continues to grow in the mid-teens. Inbound to the U.S. improved slightly bur remains weak, and growth into Hong Kong slowed significantly.Net revenues grew 13% or 15% in constant dollars, with 3 points of positive impact from ASC 606. The ASC 606 impact was larger than expected based on the final structure of some of our larger client deals, which is a result of how the market has evolved in the seven quarters since ASC 606 was adopted by most companies. The impact of acquisitions on revenue growth was de minimis.Strong payments volume growth along with pricing benefits drove service revenue up 9%. Data processing revenue grew 16%, up 3 points from last quarter, primarily due to favorable business mix. International transaction revenue grew 11%, also accelerating 3 points from the third quarter, due to a smaller exchange rate drag and higher currency volatility. Other revenues grew 35% from growth in our value-added service as well as ASC 606 impacts.Client incentives were 21.6% of gross revenue. As Al mentioned, we signed a number of significant deals this quarter, in addition to the JPMorgan Chase renewal going into effect. Although all the deals we expected to get done this quarter were completed, a number of them were signed late in the quarter. As such, under ASC 606, the full impact of these deals will be reflected in incentives starting in the first quarter of fiscal year 2020.GAAP operating expenses were up 18%. Excluding special items this year and last year, expense growth was 11%, largely driven by personnel, marketing, and some one-time items. Marketing expenses grew 16%, due primarily to the adoption of ASC 606. General and administrative expenses grew 30% due to several non-recurring items, from lapping a one-time benefit last year, as well as ASC 606 impacts and indirect taxes. ASC 606 increased reported fourth quarter expense growth by about 2.5 points. The impact of acquisitions on expenses was also minimal.Non-operating expenses once again benefited from investment gains, which were $41 million this quarter. These gains were partially offset by lower interest income as a result of falling interest rates.Our fourth quarter tax rate was 18.5% on a GAAP basis and 18.9% excluding an $83 million tax benefit from the MDL-related litigation provision.We repurchased 2.2 million shares of Class A common stock at an average price of $177.28, for $2.2 billion in the quarter. Including our quarterly dividend, we returned $2.7 billion of capital to shareholders in the fiscal fourth quarter.Finally, we closed on Verifi in mid-September as well as the token services business of Rambus earlier this week. As you know, we had closed on Earthport and Payworks earlier in the quarter.A quick summary of fiscal year 2019, for fiscal 2019, payments volume grew over 9% in constant dollars and 10% excluding China. Processed transactions growth was steady at 11%. Cross-border volumes were up 6% on a constant basis and 8% excluding volume within Europe.For the full year, net revenues of $23 billion grew 11% or 13% in constant dollars, with over 1.5 points of positive impact from ASC 606. Client incentives were lower than we expected at 21.2% of gross revenues, mostly due to lower incentives from some deals and programs and lower volumes in some parts of the world.Operating expenses were up 4% on a GAAP basis but grew 11% excluding special items both this year and last. We continue to invest in our growth programs given the large opportunities available to expand new payment flows and provide more value-added services to our clients.Non-operating expenses were much lower due to higher interest income on our cash balances, lower interest expense as a result of swapping some of our US dollar debt to euro denominated debt, and several non-recurring investment gains totaling $131 million.Our tax rate of just under 19% was better than expected due to the application of tax reform rules on foreign income related to FDII and GILTI. GAAP EPS grew 20% while non-GAAP EPS increased 18% and 20% in constant dollars. We returned $10.9 billion in capital to shareholders by repurchasing 56.1 million shares of Class A common stock at an average price of $154.25 for $8.6 billion and by paying a dividend of $2.3 billion.Through October 21, U.S. payments volume growth was 8%, with U.S. credit growing 7% and debit 9%. Processed transactions grew 11%. Cross-border volume on a constant dollar basis grew 8% or 10% excluding cross-border volume within Europe.Moving now to our outlook for fiscal year 2020, there's quite a bit of speculation that we're heading into a global economic slowdown. From the numbers we reported for the last two quarters, you can see that growth trends of all our key business drivers, payments volume, processed transactions, and cross-border volume have been stable. We do not view ourselves as economic forecasters. As such, our outlook assumes that the trends which have been in place for the past couple of quarters continue through fiscal year 2020. Where we are aware of something specific that could impact the trend, either a fiscal year 2020 event or the lapping effect of a fiscal year 2019 event, we adjust our outlook accordingly.For net revenues, our outlook assumes low double-digit growth in constant dollars. Based on current exchange rates and future expectations, currency translation could be a 1 to 1.5 percentage point drag. The four acquisitions we completed in the past four months are expected to add around 0.5 point to net revenue growthA significant factor impacting fiscal year 2020 net revenue growth will be the unusually high volume of renewal activity that Al referred to. In an average year, we renew approximately 20% of our payment volume. In fiscal year 2019, we renewed about 30% of our payment volume, with more than 15% renewed in the fourth quarter alone. This means that the full impact of these renewals will be reflected in fiscal year 2020.Also, our fiscal year 2020 renewal activity is front-loaded, with another 15% to 20% of payments volume expected to be renewed in the first half. As such, we will have renewed about one-third of our payments volume over three quarters, from the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2019 through the second quarter of fiscal year 2020, which is an unprecedented level of renewal activity. Between fiscal year 2019 and fiscal year 2020, we expect to have renewed four out of our top five U.S. clients, eight out of our top ten clients in CEMEA and Latin America, six of our top ten European clients, five of our top ten clients in Asia.We are delighted to have renewed all this business for the foreseeable future, but it will cause a much higher level of incentive growth in fiscal year 2020 than we had in fiscal year 2019 or in recent years. As such, we expect our client incentives as a percent of gross revenue to climb to the 22.5% to the 23.5% range in fiscal year 2020.In terms of pricing, through the first half of fiscal year 2020, we will continue to benefit from FY 2019 pricing actions. Fiscal year 2020 pricing actions impact our revenue starting midyear and are smaller in magnitude than fiscal year 2019 pricing. As such, the pricing benefit in service revenue and international transaction revenue will be lower in the second half.I'd also presume foreign expense growth in the mid to high single-digit range in constant dollars. Based on current exchange rates and future expectations,reported expense growth could be 1 to 1.5 points lower in nominal dollars. The four acquisitions will add 3 to 4 points to expense growth.In terms of core expense growth, as you all know, we have stepped up our level of investment in the past couple of years to capture the exciting opportunities we have to build revenues from new payment flows and value-added services. We will continue these investments into fiscal year 2020 and beyond to sustain double-digit revenue growth.As a reminder, 2020 is also an Olympics year. We expect Tokyo 2020 to be a significant value-building opportunity and will invest accordingly. The 3 to 4 additional points of expense growth from acquisitions is driven by their run rate expenses as well as one-time costs to integrate these acquisitions and the impact of purchase accounting; i.e., intangible amortization.The non-operating income/expense line includes three major items: interest expenses to service our outstanding debt; interest income from our cash balances; and gains or losses from our investments, both realized and unrealized since we have to mark our investments to market each quarter based on observable prices.In fiscal year 2019, we recorded a total of $131 million in investment gains, over $0.04 per share, the bulk of them in the second quarter at $84 million and $41 million in the fourth quarter. As is our practice, we do not assume any investment gains or losses in our outlook since these are neither predictable nor recurring. As we have done this year, we will specifically identify the amount of investment gains or losses, if any, that we recorded each quarter in fiscal year 2020.Interest income in FY 2020 is expected to be significantly lower due to the decline in interest rates as well as somewhat lower cash balances since we use cash on hand to fund to all our acquisitions and investments. Interest expenses will be lower as we get the full-year benefit of the swaps we executed in fiscal year 2019.Our expectation is for a tax rate in the range of 19% to 19.5% for fiscal year 2020. At this point, we're assuming a rate in the lower half of this range. There is a considerable amount of tax-related activity by governments around the world, which we are closely monitoring to assess any impact on our taxes as well as mitigating actions we can take. As always, we will provide updates, if any, to our tax rate expectations as the year progresses.Putting all this together gets us to an adjusted fiscal year 2020 EPS growth in the mid-teens in constant dollars. This adjusted EPS growth excludes the four acquisitions we just completed and is built off a fiscal year 2019 EPS of $5.40. $5.40 is our reported non-GAAP fiscal year 2019 EPS with approximately $0.04 of investment gains excluded. Exchange rates will reduce reported EPS growth by 1 to 1.5 points. Dilution from acquisitions is expected to be in the $0.05 to $0.06 range, a 1 point drag on EPS growth.Revenue, expense, and EPS growth could vary modestly from quarter to quarter. Q1 revenue growth is expected to be weaker than the full year due to lapping higher currency volatility in fiscal year 2019 as well as client incentives climbing to the 22.5% to 23.5% of gross revenue range. Q3 could be our lowest growth quarter as we lap fiscal year 2019 pricing actions that were larger than what is planned for this year, as well as expected heavy first half renewal activity. Q4 is likely to be the highest revenue growth quarter, as we lap recent deal activity and potentially lower exchange rate headwinds.Expense growth will be higher in the first half of the year, as we continue investment initiatives started in the second half of fiscal year 2019. Q1 expense growth is expected to be in line with this past quarter. Q2 expense growth will be higher, as marketing expenses ramp up relative to a lower level of spend last year. The fourth quarter is likely to have the lowest expense growth as we lap some one-time items. As a result, EPS growth could be lowest in the second quarter and highest in the fourth quarter of fiscal year2020.Moving on to capital, cash flow, dividends, and buybacks, capital spending in fiscal year 2020 is likely to be around $800 million, up a little over 10%. Based on our earnings outlook and capital spending plan, free cash flow from operations is anticipated to be in excess of $12 billion, and we anticipate returning at least $12 billion to shareholders in dividends and stock buybacks. The Visa board has authorized a 20% increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.30 for the first quarter of fiscal 2020,in line with our dividend policy. This puts our payout ratio in the 20% to 25% range.In summary, fiscal year 2019 was another year of strong growth for Visa. While delivering in the short term, we have continued to invest significantly in long-term growth programs in our core C2B business, in developing a broad range of new payment flows across P2P, B2C, and B2B, as well as our expanding suite of value-added services. We acquired four companies that substantially expand our capabilities on multiple fronts.This is a time of unprecedented opportunity in our business. Partnerships have always been a force multiplier for us to drive growth in our credentials, add more points of acceptance, and develop more use cases on our rails. As Al described again this quarter, we continue to add exciting new and significant partners globally with win-win propositions for both parties.As we look ahead, we expect to sustain revenue and EPS growth momentum into fiscal year 2020 assuming no material change in macroeconomic conditions. We have renewed about 30% of our payments volume in fiscal year 2019 with another 20-plus percent slated for renewal in fiscal year 2020. While this will cause a large jump in incentives in fiscal year 2020, we are pleased to have renewed a significant portion of our largest clients for the foreseeable future. We will also continue to invest at a healthy clip in long-term growth initiatives, and integrating the four acquisitions is a critical priority.On the second question, yes, ASC 606 is behind us. So now when you compare 2020 to 2019, it's apples to apples. And as for the requirements, we'll no longer be reporting numbers with and without ASC 606, et cetera. So that's fairly clean.In terms of your question about what happens in the future, clearly, having all this renewal activity come in from the fourth quarter, really you see the full effect in 2020 for the full year. And then you have the additional renewals in the first half. As we lap them, given that we would have renewed about 50% of our business over the two years, you would expect to see some moderation in the growth in incentives, so that should be expected. Obviously, we don't provide any long-term outlook on credit incentives. It's a function of marketplace conditions. But there's no question that when you renew a third of your business over a three-quarter period that it will have a material impact on the rate of growth. And then as you lap it, it should help.Sure, thank you, Harshita. Look, a lot of these players started out in a different business. Then they realized that because of, in many cases, unbanked parts of the population, they end up developing wallets and they start off with having them be in essence a closed-loop network that is within their world. And then as they become bigger and we end up having discussions with them, they realize that we can bring a lot of things to them in terms of our global reach, cross-border capabilities, the ability to provide products that can be used to purchase in e-commerce, capabilities to increase security like tokenization, and then, by the way, can help us grow by being both an issuer and an acquirer for us. So I think that as we sit down and we increasingly talk to these providers around the world, they see an ability to provide a better customer experience with greater reach for their clients, and the same for us. And it's just good for both companies' businesses.Ramsey, today we have 16,000 financial services clients around the globe, and they come in all kinds of shapes and sizes. And the reality is that many of these new players that are coming into the marketplace are attracting new segments of the market, and they're bringing new capabilities that are accelerating the growth of digital payments and the acceleration of moving from cash and check to digital forms of payment. In many cases, we in fact are opening up the capability for our existing traditional clients to get their credentials involved in places that they probably otherwise wouldn't have been able to get them but for us forming partnerships with some of these new types of players.from our standpoint, the question you raise is a question we talk about all the time. This is a business built on partnerships. This is a business where partnerships are very much, as I said in my comments, a force multiplier. In every situation, we have a very explicit conversation around things that we partner to do and things that we can and should do ourselves. And to the extent that it is a channel conflict question, we have very clearly steered clear of those areas. And so when we have those kinds of issues, we typically partner. And where we don't, that's when you might find us actually offering the service ourselves.On the second question, yes, the full impact of pricing is visible in the second half, and it is definitely visible on the international revenues line. It also is the case that some of it was muted in the third quarter because, as you know, that line also includes some of our exchange FX revenues, and the third quarter had some of the lowest volatility in five years, and the fourth quarter saw some improvement. Volatility was still low relatively speaking, but it was improved from the third quarter. So the benefits of pricing, which were largely washed out by low volatility in the third quarter, were more visible in the fourth quarter. But you're right that pricing is showing up in that international revenues line.In terms of your first question on cross-border trends, cross-border trends, as I indicated, were pretty good all over the place. We highlighted some areas where they were stronger, like CEMEA, like Southeast Asia. Inbound into Europe has stayed strong for quite a while in the mid-teens. This excludes what we call the intra-Europe cross-border transactions. Inbound to the US, which is a sizable business for us, improved a bit, but it's still quite weak. So the strong dollar is certainly holding down inbound to the US.There were spots of weakness, as you might expect, like inbound to Hong Kong, in fact, both in and outbound to Hong Kong. But by and large, we saw good improvement in Latin America, good improvement in parts of Asia, certainly strong inbound to Europe, so no real indication that there's any change in trend. I think there was Ðwe said there was some slowdown in travel, but it was more than made up for improvements in e-commerce. So I'd say stable to improving is probably the best way to describe it.every year we go in the year, there's a just a couple of deals that come up that were not necessarily up for renewal that happen during the course of the year. And they occur because there's senior discussion about why don't we extend our relationship and be able to focus on growth over the next couple years. And this year was no different. There were a couple of deals that were early renewals, as it happens every year, but they were just a couple of the bigger clients of ours, with Chase leading the pack in that category. And that's really what drove the number up to the 30% level from a norm of around 20%.And the bunching of it around the fourth quarter and the first half, that's just some timing that happens within the year. So it just so happens that it all is happening over a three quarter period where we have a third of our business renewing, and that's a little bit of just things moving around a bit and bunching around three quartersWe have some benefit in the US because we start to lap the Cabela's conversion. Internationally, we have some wins, and we have a couple of our conversions moving away from us happening. So I'd say that's a little bit of a wash. If you look at our cross-border business, our second half trends are somewhat better than our first half, especially fourth quarter. And we are assuming the second half trends are what continue going forward. And as you can see, that is continuing.The pricing impact is actually smaller in 2020. We get the benefits of the 2019 pricing through the first half. But itis lower in 2020, so the second half pricing benefit is smaller, especially in the service revenue line and in the international transactions line you should see that. The other area of growth is our value-added services and new payment flow services like Visa Direct, like B2B, where we expect some strong growth to continue. We had good growth this year, as you saw. We expect strong growth to continue next year. So if you were to look at what are the above-average growth parts of the business, it's new payment flows and it's value-added services, and those are clearly helping.On the flip side, the higher incentives will be something that we have to contend with that we didn't have last year. And fortunately, exchange rates, which even three to four months ago looked like may not be a drag, now are looking like could be a drag of roughly the same magnitude as we had in fiscal year 2019. So those are some of the pluses and minuses.And in terms of the underlying macro conditions, we were fairly clear that we're assuming that the trends we've seen in the last two quarters are the ones that will persist.we're going to continue to invest in the business. We think there's a lot of opportunity to invest. So continuing to invest in the various levers that we think can grow the business over the next number of years, plus these acquisitions adding 3 or 4 points to our expense growth, we're going to have a healthy level of expense and investment in the business.I know, SRC, but when you said what will happen this time versus some other time. I presume you might be referring to Visa Checkout. As I said a number of times, the reality is that we Ðthe various network players really have not heretofore done a good job in terms of the e-commerce checkout experience. The fact that we've put merchants in a position where they have to have a connection via eChip for each of the networks and then everybody has their own version of checkout is difficult for merchants, it's confusing for consumers, and it's leading to some unpleasant friction in the e-commerce situation. So all of us now are going to abandon our proprietary offering. But because those proprietary offerings are out there like Visa Checkout, it's going to make for a much more streamlined way to get to critical mass fairly quickly.As a reminder, in the case of Visa, we have 52 million Visa Checkout users, and we have 350,000 merchants on Visa Checkout. So we would expect that the conversion of those 350,000 merchants will be relatively easy. There's a little bit of work, but relatively easy, easier than people who have not been signed up for Visa Checkout or MasterPass, for example, in the case of Mastercard. It's just that the timing of the year now as we are getting to the end of October, we'll see some more merchants come on board in the coming weeks. But as we get into the holiday season, most everybody resists putting any kind of change into the payments ecosystem.So I think we'll have a period where we'll have some merchants come on board. We'll get out, work out the kinks with those merchants. And then after the holiday season, I expect to see a major pickup in the adoption of the SRC. And again, I think we'll have a great head start because of the 52 million users we have on Visa Checkout and the 350,000 merchants that they're using it on. So that's what gives me confidence that we'll get there. It's a better user experience. It's a better merchant experience, and we plumbed a lot of the capability to get the SRC button up by the work we did for Visa Checkout.Sure. On the client incentives, given that the renewal Ð30% of our business was renewed in fiscal year 2019 and more than half of that was in the fourth quarter, that's done. So those incentives are pretty well known. And the only reason they would be different is that volumes are different. But otherwise, that should be pretty locked in. There's another we said 15% to 20% that is slated for renewal in the first half. And therefore, we should know about that fairly quickly.So I would say yes, in the last couple of years, we ended up being lower than we expected. Given how much is already renewed and given how front-loaded 2020 looks, I think you should assume that the range we have provided you is the range. Where exactly we'll be in the range may depend a little bit on some timing, but not a lot. And it will get to that range pretty fast. As I said in my comments, you should see us in the range as early as the first quarter. So that's the point of view on incentives.In terms of acquisitions, we said that the revenueimpact is about 0.5 point. They are all capabilities they're buying, so essentially we need to now build them up from where they are to be able to scale them. And so the incentives we have fall into four categories. One is whatever expenses they came with, what their run rate is. In every case, we're making investments to enhance their capabilities and to get them ready to scale. So we are certainly making investments in them in 2020.Then there are some one-time costs in 2020 that are related to integrating them into our systems, and especially on the security side. We need in most cases to upgrade their security, cybersecurity. And then finally, as you know, in every acquisition, there's going to be some deal amortization. So when you put those together,you get to that expense number that increases our expenses by as much as 3 to 4 points and you get to the dilution of $0.05 to $0.06. So that's how we get there. We think it takes a couple of years before we get to getting out of the dilutive phase, but we'll keep you posted on how they're progressing.When we look at value-added services, we think that, first of all, there's an ability to make some of these capabilities available directly to our customers. But beyond that, as you asked the question relative to a specific network, we're going to be awfully careful about what we do. These RTP networks that might allow account-to-account capabilities obviously is a very local business. They vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction.I think there are probably two examples where I'd envision offering value-added services on RTP networks. One is on Visa branded transactions that run on our network of networks, so we may use our other people's rails for the first mile or the last mile ofmoney movement. And in those particular cases, if it's a Visa branded transaction that is moving regardless of what rails it touches, we would want to make value-added services available to deliver that value to the clients, and that's what I think they would expect. I think the second situation where we'd envision using it, Lisa, is where we form some kind of partnership with the operator of the alternative rail.So as I think about it right now, we will make decisions on a case-by-case basis because all of these situations are very, very different. But those two broad strategic categories that I described is where I would expect us to use and introduce value-added services. Because we certainly don't want to just do it in every single case to give away value-added services that can make somebody else's network maybe not as good as VisaNet but enrich it in a way that could be competitive to us.I gave you a little bit of insight into my remarks, I think. We're over $1 trillion, so I said in my remarks that we had just under $9 trillion of payment commerce that ran over our network. We were over $1 trillion in B2B, so it was about 12% of our volume. We know in the card in the B2B part of the world, we're still the market leader in the United States, globally and in most markets.We also gave a little bit of insight in Visa Direct. We said that we grew in triple digits, and we reached the 2 billion transactions mark. So both of those are pretty substantive, B2B being in the 12% area of all of our volume and Visa Direct getting to the point where it's 2 billion transactions. So these are not experimental or in any way, shape, or form in any kind of pilot mode at these points. These are full-fledged new payment flows that we're continuing to invest in and we'll continue to grow around the world. And they've reached the point where obviously they're substantive contributors to our revenue and our profit.In the case of contactless, obviously we're very excited about getting to the point where the US starts to scale up as it relates to contactless. I think getting now past the 100 million card mark and getting 80% of the top issuers involved, and at the same time getting a lot of Ðthe large part of the merchant network out there plumbed for tap-to-pay. I think that there's going to be great opportunity to see growth. And what we have seen in the markets that are more mature in tap-to-pay that there is a spillover effect in terms of peoplewho are tapping to pay start to increase their volume overall.And we're going to continue to push one of what we think is a very, very important use case related to tap-to-pay, which is urban mobility projects, particularly focused on mass transit systems. Just in the last quarter, we launched contactless travel in Edinburgh Scotland, Rome, S‹o Paulo, and now we've added 60 new metro areas' transit systems to our tap-to-pay network. And we've got 180 or so other live projects going on around the world. So I see a combination of driving what I think is one of the great use cases, transit, and continuing to roll out tap-to-pay around the world, with a particular emphasis on the US, as it's been so far behind.And in the US, as you might know, in the New York subway system, we have it up and going in a pilot. I think it's at 17 stops on the 4, 5, 6 line from Grand Central Station to Atlantic Avenue in Brooklyn. We launched it at the beginning of June, and in September we reached 1 million taps. And that's pretty incredible given the fact that we're still in the very early stages of rolling out the tap-to-pay card. So I feel good about the progress.But the last point I'd make, Bob, is it typically takes the most time to get to the first 5% to 10% penetrationin tap-to-pay, and then the growth rate starts to accelerate from there. And we're in the 2% to 3% point in the United States. So we're still in that more formative build-it stage. But I think by the end of 2020, if we hit the 300 million contactless cards, and the MTA as one example rolls it out to their ÐI think it's about 270 subway stations, I think we're going to see a real acceleration in the momentum of the growth.Given what I just said about Visa Direct and that it's a very established platform that is delivering a substantive contribution to our business now, our aim is to fully integrate Earthport with Visa Direct by the end of the year to have a seamless platform that allows any card or any account to transfer money around the world to virtually any other card or account. And so I think the ability to see in the not too distant future a real great opportunity as it relates to cross-border payments facilitated by Visa Direct and by Earthport is very real and very, very exciting.B2B Connect is a little bit further behind but no less exciting. We now have the ability and approvals to operate in over 60 countries. We've got three different ways that people can connect to connect to B2B Connect. One is coding to our APIs through our Visa developer platform, or they can connect through a technology provider, and we've got relationships now with FIS, Bottomline, and Infosys. And then thirdly, they can connect and interact using a host-to-host secure file protocol infrastructure, the latter being the slowest way toget it up and going, using encoding to our APIs being the fastest way.So our focus right now on B2B Connect is actually building out the nodes in the 60 countries. And by the way, we want to grow the 60 countries too. So we're trying to grow the 60 countries. And within the countries where we have the capability and the permissions and the approvals to operate, we want to be growing the nodes. So that's our focus as it relates to B2B Connect.I think both of them represent enormous opportunity for us tomove funds in a frictionless way, facilitating all the great capabilities of VisaNet from sanctions controls to fraud controls to risk management. And I think in all cases, our aim is to deliver capabilities that are faster, more transparent, and a simplybetter user experience for everybody involved. So it's exciting times on both those fronts.And what it allows us to do is that in the B2B space, the cross-border B2B business we think is the most attractive part. And Earthport/Visa Direct will handle high-volume lower-value B2B transactions, and B2B Connect will handle the large enterprise, high-value, low-volume B2B transactions. And as Al said, they'll bein place very soon to pull all this together.