Thursday, July 20, 2017We had another strong quarter of business results. Much like the first half of our fiscal year, we saw consistently solid trends in our operating metrics with very good growth in payments volume, processed transactions and cross-border revenue.Our global business benefited from an overall healthy economy as payments volume grew in every major region. In the United States, we saw strong consumer confidence continued to drive spending growth. After three quarters here at Visa, I'm quite pleased with our business progress and our high level of execution. It's a real testament to our talented and dedicated employees around the world. We're creating a strong culture focused on leadership development, operational excellence and driving results.As I move to the highlights of the quarter, I do want to thank everybody for joining us at our recent Investor Day both in person and via the webcast. As a leadership team, we enjoyed the opportunity to meet and spend time with our shareholders and the financial community. We hope that you found the information and discussions to be useful. We were pleased to have received quite positive and helpful feedback from the event. Given the fact that we did provide a significant amount of information just a couple weeks ago, my prepared remarks today will be relatively brief.In Q3, our business continued to perform well against our operating plan and our strategic priorities for the year. We saw healthy growth in our key metrics for payments, volume and processed transactions.Payment volume was solid across all five regions. Growth was particularly strong in India, the United States, Russia, Mexico and Australia. China payments volume growth remained low in the quarter, driven by the dual currency, dual-badged card runoff, but I should note that China's cross-border volumes growth continued to be strong. This was reflective of the overall trend as cross-border growth was robust around the globe. In addition to China, Latin America, the U.S., Japan, Russia and parts of Europe were among the areas of real strength.Looking closer at processed transactions, growth was driven by Asia Pacific, Europe and the North America regions. Client incentives came in lower than expected, primarily driven by timing delays and variances relative to our European clients. This translated to financial performance ahead of our expectations for the quarter as we grew both net revenue and EPS by 26% versus last year's comparable results. Vasant will go into greater financial detail and cover some of the normalized comparisons to last year.As we mentioned during Investor Day, the integration of our European business is progressing well and is on track. More specific to the technology side of the integration, we're focused on migrating the European systems to our global authorization, clearing and settlement systems as well as deploying our global data platform and other corporate systems into Europe. We are well underway in that effort and we have just completed the upgrade of our UK datacenters on schedule. We expect that client migrations to new systems will begin by the end of full-year 2018.Moving our European clients to VisaNet, we can drive enhanced network capabilities, greater scale, resilience and additional levels of cyber security that will benefit our clients and certainly be more efficient in the long term.We're also making significant progress in strengthening our partnerships and building digital capabilities to drive growth. Earlier this week, we extended our partnership with PayPal to include Europe. We were already collaborating with them in the United States and Asia Pacific to provide a better online experience and this now extends the benefits to European consumers and businesses.Additionally, they're joining the Visa network of client financial institutions and will be able to offer Visa accounts in Europe, enabling consumers and businesses to use their PayPal funds to spend wherever Visa is accepted. The partnership makes it easier for financial institutions to offer their Visa accountholders the ability to check out anywhere PayPal is accepted online by offering greater consumer choice.We also announced a strategic investment and planned partnership with Klarna, one of Europe's leading payment providers. Our planned investment is part of a global strategy to open up our ecosystem and support a broad range of new partners who are helping to redefine and enhance the purchase experience for consumers online and in mobile environments. Klarna develops products that address changing consumer preferences giving them the flexibility and seamless experience that they expect and hope for when shopping online.In June, we signed 13 new partners to participate in our token service provider program in all major regions. With the expected increase in digital payments embedded in a growing number of devices, we continue to build out a global network of partners to offer secure digital payment token services in creating a more secure commerce platform.We launched the Visa Ready Program for Business Solutions. This is a strategic framework and certification program to help technology companies that integrate with our B2B payment services to ensure that they meet standards and are market-ready. Five initial partners in the U.S. have become Visa Ready as this program will help accelerate growth and enable new use cases for B2B payments.Turning to the international markets, let me first make a couple of comments on China. Yesterday, we filed an application with the People's Bank of China in order to participate in the China domestic market as a Bank Card Clearing Institution. China is one of the world's fastest-growing payments markets and is leading the way in payments innovation.Our commitment to this market is long term. We look forward to bringing our capabilities to the industry by stepping up our engagement with all the ecosystem partners through open and constructive collaboration, aiming to create added value and introduce innovative products as well as reliable and safe payment experiences for Chinese consumers. We expect that the PBOC will consider our application in line with the publicly-released measures and guidelines for BCCI applicants.India represents a large opportunity and we provided some thoughts during Investor Day on how we're approaching the market. We are seeing steady progress with digital payments despite the recent re-monetization of cash. Currency in circulation is stabilizing as re-monetization comes to an end. The transition to the digital economy has been broad-based across several categories, including everyday spend and suggests wide societal participation.This past quarter, we saw payments volume increase over 80% and processed transactions more than double versus last year. In a couple weeks, I'll be in India for the first time since joining Visa and I look forward to seeing firsthand the opportunity that we have in meeting with local partners, officials and our teammates in India.Once again, we delivered on our commitment to drive value for our shareholders in the quarter in maintaining a prudent capital allocation plan. We invested in support of the growth in our core business through capital spending and expenses.In fiscal Q3, we returned approximately $2.1 billion of capital to shareholders, consisting of $1.7 billion of share repurchases and nearly $400 million through dividends. We continue to accelerate our share buyback activity to offset the equity dilution from the Visa Europe transaction.In closing, we continue to see strong momentum in the business and we're excited about the long-term growth prospects for Visa. As we highlighted during Investor Day, there is a significant opportunity to displace cash and check of $17 trillion in front of us. We will continue to focus on partnering strategically and driving digital innovation to substantially grow our business into the future.Business momentum stayed strong globally through our third quarter. Net revenue and EPS once again exceeded our expectations. Fiscal third quarter net revenue of $4.6 million was up 26%. Net income for the quarter was $2.1 billion or $0.86 per share. Adjusting last year's results for several special items related to the acquisition of Visa Europe, both net income and EPS were up 26%. Exchange rate shifts versus the prior year negatively impacted net revenue growth by approximately 1.5 percentage points and EPS by approximately 2 percentage points.A few points to note. Global growth rates and payment volumes, processed transactions and cross-border volumes remained strong and stable. Exchange rate headwinds moderated though currency volatilities remained below the long-term mean. Timing of client incentives added almost $0.02 to third-quarter results due to delays primarily in Europe; more on this later.We bought back 17.8 million shares of class A common stock for $1.7 billion in the third quarter at an average price of $93.82. Year-to-date in fiscal 2017, we bought back 59.2 million shares of class A common stock at an average price of $86.82 per share.A quick review of our key business drivers in the third quarter. U.S. payment volumes grew 12% with credit growing 19% and debit 5%. The slowdown in credit growth from the prior quarter reflects the start of Costco and USAA credit conversion in the third quarter of fiscal 2016. Excluding Interlink, debit grew 9%. Declining gas prices negatively impacted payment volumes by 0.5 points. Adjusted for conversions and gas prices, underlying credit and debit growth rates have been stable all year.As reported, international payment volumes grew 72% in constant dollars. On a comparable and normalized basis, robust payment volume growth continued across the globe. Asia sustained double-digit growth rates, excluding China. Domestic payment volume growth in China was impacted by the decline in active dual-branded cards. Strong growth was sustained across EMEA and Latin America. Brazil ticked up modestly. In Europe, excluding co-badge payment volumes, growth was 9% with strength across most markets.On a constant-dollar basis, cross-border volumes grew 147%, driven by the inclusion of Europe. Adding Europe to prior-year results, constant-dollar cross-border growth was up over 11%. Through the quarter, the dollar weakened and the pound strengthened moderately.Despite these shifts, outbound commerce from the U.S. and inbound commerce into the UK remained very strong. U.S. cross-border growth accelerated in the third quarter, largely driven by outbound commerce.Across international markets, particularly strong corridors were inbound into Canada, Japan and Australia and outbound from Latin America, the Middle East, South and Southeast Asia. Reported cross-border volume growth rates were negatively impacted by over 3 percentage points by an e-commerce payments platform shifting acquiring of UK cardholder volumes to the UK from another EU location. While this shift impacted our reported cross-border growth rates, it has a minor effect on revenues since this is an intra-EU move the platform made to optimize the European business.As reported, processed transactions grew 44% due to the inclusion of Europe. On a comparable and normalized basis, which includes Europe and prior-year results, global processed transactions grew 13%. U.S. growth rates were stable, international growth rates were helped by India and some new business in Europe. India processed transaction growth stayed above 100%. Through July 14, U.S. payment volumes are up 10%, global constant-dollar cross-border volumes grew 12%, processed transaction growth was 14%.A brief review of fiscal third-quarter financial results. With strong momentum in the key business drivers and helped by some moderation in exchange rate headwinds, growth rates on all key revenue lines stepped up in Q3. Service revenues grew19%, data processing revenues grew 29%, international revenues grew 45% even as currency volatilities stayed below the long-term mean.As I mentioned earlier, client incentives came in lower than expected and added almost $0.02 to the third-quarter EPS. This was primarily due to delays in Europe. We're making good progress in resetting our commercial terms for key clients post removal of rebates. We're pushing hard to get most of the deals we wanted done before the end of this fiscal year.Our current expectation is we will get 75% to 80% of the way there by September. At this point, we expect the remaining 20% to 25% to shift into fiscal 2018, largely due to client preferences and timetables. This shift in Europe is the primary reason why we now expect client incentives as a percent of gross revenues to come in below the low-end of our original outlook range of 20.5% to 21.5%.After adjusting for various special items in last year's results, expenses grew 31%. As expected, expense growth ramped up from the first half levels as we stepped up technology as well as Europe integration spending. Our tax rate was 29.3%, driven by the geographic mix of our global earnings and the benefits of the legal entity reorganization we completed last quarter.As we look ahead to the fourth quarter, it's important to remind you of three events that occurred in June 2016, which will significantly impact our reported growth rates on key metrics going forward. First and foremost and the most important is the closing of the Visa Europe transaction. Starting with the fourth quarter, reported growth rates will include Visa Europe in all prior-year numbers. Second is the Costco conversion. Starting in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, our U.S. credit growth rates will include Costco in prior-year numbers.In addition, the USAA credit conversion was completed in September and the debit conversion was finished by October last year. Third is the 2016 Brexit vote followed by sharp declines in the pound and later the euro. This will reduce the exchange rate drag we have experienced so far this year. This also drove the sharp increase of cross-border commerce into the UK. Also of note, the fourth quarter of fiscal-year 2016 was the first time cross-border growth rates globally hit double digits in almost three years. Starting in the fourth quarter, we will begin to lap the global cross-border recovery.We have factored all this into our updated outlook for the year. We're raising nominal net revenue growth expectations for the year to approximately 20%. This is the result of the strong growth we have reported to-date, lower client incentives at 20% to 20.5% of gross revenues and moderation in the exchange rate drag to approximately 2 percentage points. With higher revenue growth, we're also raising our nominal adjusted EPS growth outlook to approximately 20% with a 2.5 percentage point exchange rate drag. Included in this outlook is the reduction in European integration cost of $60 million. Margin and tax rate expectations remain unchanged.Finally, a couple of updates on cash and debt. We returned more cash to the U.S. in the third quarter. Year-to-date, we have returned approximately $4 billion back to the U.S. As you know, in December 2016 (sic) [2015], we issued $16 billion of debt. The first tranche of this debt, $1.7 billion, matures in December this year. Between Labor Day and December, we plan to access debt markets to refinance maturing debt and an additional amount to fund the completion of stock buybacks that neutralize the impact of stock issued in connection with the Visa Europe acquisition.Before I finish, I have one more topic. A couple of weeks back, Jack informed me of his intention to retire at the end of this year. On behalf of Visa's management, I want to thank Jack for his decade of contributions to Visa. As most of you know, Jack was Visa's first IR leader as a public company. Jack built our Investor Relations department from the ground-up, establishing and nurturing relationships with all of you over the years and he  has been a key advocate for Visa. We all wish Jack the best in his future endeavors, which he tells may include running the Town Chair Lift in Park City next winter. Not surprisingly, he's picked November 30 as his last day. I guess he does not want to miss a single day of skiing.Yeah. I think, as I said my comments, if you take out the conversions and adjust for gas prices and volatile things like that, the underlying trend of credit growth in the U.S. for the last three quarters has been very steady and stable in the high-single digits and debit growth has also been very steady and stable.If you look at our payment volumes through the first three quarters of this year, again strong and stable. We've been converting cash to digital at a pretty hefty clip for the past five years and I would say there's really no change in that trend. Global economies recovering have clearly helped us this year. So, if you remember on Investor Day, we talked about PCE penetration and PCE growth. The PCE growth component certainly has been helpful. And then the last thing, of course, is the recovery on the cross-border side.I think the other aspect, all of what Vasant said is obviously correct, I think that while we've seen a real adoption of digital, we're still in the early innings. And I think that as we pointed out on Investor Day, when we get into E&M commerce, we neutralize our largest competitor, which is cash, and I think that's going to continue to be a real engine of growth for us as we look ahead.Well, I think we've been very pleased with Europe on any number of fronts, especially given the fact that there has been a fair amount of disruption for the people who work in that business between the integration as well as the regulatory requirement to split scheme and processing in the marketplace. Our employees have remained incredibly resilient and I think, in general, the European economy has been frankly better than we thought. As you know, our largest presence by quite a large measure is in the UK and the UK has held up well and, as Vasant said in his remarks, has benefited from the lower value of the pound driving lots of inbound traffic into the UK. That certainly has helped.And when we look around the rest of Europe, our largest presences are in France and Spain, which have also held up well. And then, we're seeing countries like the Nordics continue to do well. In terms of the yield side of it, we're still working our way through redoing of these contracts. As both of us alluded to in our remarks, it's just a bit more of a slog to get there than we might have thought or hoped in the first place, but we are making good progress. I think we'll continue to make good progress as we proceed through into the fourth quarter. And to the degree that we've got good incentives built in place and we're getting good volume growth, all boats rise, which is a good thing for everybody.No, I had said that on the processed transaction side, yes, we've been saying for a couple of quarters that we had some gains in Europe on the processed transaction side, but overall, as Al said, I mean we're very pleased with the way the Ðthe vast majority of our business in Europe is under contract and we have been, for a certain portion of that, working with clients to reset commercial terms once rebates went away and that's gone well, longer than we would have liked, but it's going well.So, on all fronts, Europe has done, as we've said before, equal to or better than we expected and from an accretion standpoint certainly has been performing better than we expected. And we'll give you a little more about that once we're through with the year and can give you a full sense of the year.No,I don't think you should conclude that there was an improvement in yield necessarily. I mean, clearly, from quarter-to-quarter, there are some changes in mix and so on. Some of it could be. As you see, the exchange rate headwinds moderating a bit. Certainly, that helps our reported cross-border dollar numbers, but there was nothing, there was no real change that would drive a big change in yields in the cross-border business.Yeah, we'll talk about that when we talk about 2018. I mean, if your question was what's the likely range of incentives as a percent of gross revenues and all that next year, I think we can get into all of that when we talk about 2018. So, it's a little too early to talk about all that right now. I think all we were signaling was that there is going to be some shift in Europe of incentives from what we thought we would get done this year into next year. And I want to emphasize that is driven more by client preferences and timetables and their desires to do things on a certain timetable than ours and we're adapting to their requirements.So, there's a little bit of, let's call it, better-than-expected execution, a little bit of it in Europe, but you should think of it as almost all timing and almost all Europe; all Europe. So, that's one contributor. The three factors that went into sort of the change in the outlook is the performance we've had to-date; some moderation in the exchange rate headwind; some reduction in the original expectations on incentives. And on the EPS side, it reflects the benefits we're getting from the tax rate we now have, which we talked about last quarter, as well as the revenue being stronger than we had thought at the beginning of the year. So, there's nothing unusual other than the actual results and the trends we're seeing.Again, I'd just remind everybody that there are at least three factors that go into this that make this somewhat difficult to predict and I think we've shown how difficult it is to predict, because we haven't hit the number in the last couple of quarters. But it's the Ðwhen is the deal going to actually come to pass? What are going to be the terms of the deal as you actually get into the last bits of negotiation? And then, what actually volumes are you going to get against those negotiated terms?So, the reality is, in this particular case, it's just that the period of time to get through over 100 client contracts is just taking longer than we thought. I don't think we want to get into predicting business or forecasting business or what it would look like quarter-by-quarter, but I think this is just simply a matter of a process that we have to get through. And, as Vasant said, we're hoping get through about 80% of it by the end of the fiscal year.Yes. And as we've told you before, I mean it's not something we think should be focused on to the extent it is on a quarter-by-quarter basis. And as you know, we explicitly don't try to get deals done based on quarterly timetables and so on. So, the short answer to your question is, is there a snapback kind of thing? No. But is there likely to be a quarter where incentives run higher than we might have expected? Of course. I mean, just as they've run lower than we expected in some quarters, in some quarters, they could run higher than we expected, but there isn't any snapback kind of reason that you should expect. We typically look ahead and give you our best sense of what might get done in the quarter, quarter coming upOn the first question, Darrin, when you look at the overall numbers, it's a result of hundreds of deals around the world and they all take on different flavors. I think, in general, many of our clients and a testament to that is the longevity of many of our relationships that are very deep and have lasted decades that people value plenty of aspects of what Visa brings to the table from our global scale to our risk and fraud prevention tools to our brand, et cetera. That said, while that stuff is valued when it comes to negotiations, people negotiate hard as do we and you end up Ðeverybody ends up compromising and you end up in a certain place. But, I think, I haven't seen nor as I have talked to clients around the world any view that the value that we're bringing to the table is any less than it's been.In fact, I think, as we move into a digital world and we continue to try to be a leader in terms of thinking about the digital tools and solutions that I think that many issuers, particularly when you get beyond the very top issuers, who also have the funds and wherewithal, the investing in some of these kinds of capabilities that are what we bring to the table is very valued.The only thing was that there's a specific question on why client incentives, if you derive the fourth quarter, might look the way they do. I would say a couple of things. There is the fiscal fourth quarter effect to some degree in that, we have been talking to people, especially in Europe, for several months now and it's back and forth on finalizing agreements and the documentation and so on. And there's a fair amount of that, that is happening in the fourth quarter. And as we get it done in the fourth quarter, since these discussions have been underway for a few months, as happens in many cases, the incentives you pay reflect when the deal was either agreed to or initially discussed. So, there's an element of retro activeness to it, all of which is captured in the incentives you would probably recognize in the fourth quarter.So, some elements of all that, that flow into it. And then, as Al said, I mean, we have a fairly rigorous process and we do the best we can to give you the best sense, but in the end, we won't sign a deal because a quarterly deadline is approaching, but we'll do our very best to get done everything we are setting out to do right now.On service fees in Europe, really sort of it's the breakup of scheme and processing. We'll see over time what the impact is, but in the short run, it really has no impact on the fee structure that was in place, but it will evolve over time I'm sure. In China...I'll take it. In China, I think, we have 55 banks and 42 of them only issue the single-branded card. The remaining 14 Ð13 do the dual branded. We've had some success, frankly, not as good as we would like it to be, as it's going to continue to be a real focus of ours and something that given the importance of the cross-border volume from China, something that we're working closely with the banks on. I plan on being in ÐI'm going to be in India and China in three weeks and it's definitely something that I will be talking to both our team there as well as our Chinese clients.Yeah, just in terms of the trend in that business over the last couple of quarters, we highlighted the issue last quarter, wanted you to know, as we said earlier, that if you adjust for China, Asia was growing double-digits. The domestic dual-banded card volumes in China were relatively stable quarter-to-quarter. So, we didn't see a sequential decline. And the cross-border business coming out of China, as Al said in his comments, has been strong and stable. How it all plays out in the next few months, we'll have to wait and see.Well, we've made Ðin the year that we have owned Visa Europe we have made a few pricing changes and there are a number of pricing changes that we're continuing to look at in addition to obviously the commercialization, as you said, of the contracts to do away with rebates and put incentives in placeNo. The price schedule, as you know, we have our price schedule and then the incentives then are tailored by clients. So, when we make price adjustments, we make them for the system as a whole typically and then, the commercialization of some of these contracts is something we do client by client. And just to emphasize, I mean, the vast majority of our business in Europe has been and remains under contract. This is something we're doing ourselves proactively to adjust some of the terms in the contracts to make them more commercial in a world where rebates no longer existed, but the pricing itself, that's related to our normal, of course, what we call our rack rates or list prices or whatever you want to call it.Well, first of all, we're very pleased to extend the deals that we have with PayPal in North America and Asia into Europe. And particularly the fact that we're offering full consumer choice and obviously as part of the deal is the ability to use Visa Direct to push a PayPal account balance to bank accounts. And it's a fairly extensive deal, because there's also an enablement of Visa Checkout relative to the Braintree gateway. And in Europe in particular, given the fact that PayPal has a banking license, we're obviously licensing them as a full-fledged issuer where they'll issue PayPal debit cards in EuropeSo, it's a extensive agreement that absolutely covers Visa Direct, but it also covers the very important aspects of the prior deals centered around full consumer choice as well as them working closely with us in enabling Visa Checkout as well.I think that everywhere that we can further embed a Visa card into the payment stream and build the loyalty of the consumer certainly helps us. I mean I think that at the end of the day, PSD2 is going to generate a requirement that everybody focuses really hard on consumers and try and make sure that they're providing the best possible consumer value propositions and the best possible consumer experiences.So to, the degree that we can help further solidify the relationship that our issuers have with their customers, all that can only go to help fortify the issuers against PSD2 and the competition that can come from their accounts having to be opened.Well, to the question number one, Bryan, and let Vasant answer question number two, we don't want to get into a daily tally sheet on this. Again, so we're not probably going to disappoint you by not quantifying exactly where we are, but I think you can assume that we're somewhere below 80%, but above a fairly decent number such that we're confident in being able to say we think we can get to 80% by the end of the fourth quarter, but we don't really want to get into setting a precedent of providing that kind of update.Yeah, in terms of accretion, as you all know, European economies have been stronger than we expected. So,our volumes, as you've seen, have been running better than we might have expected at the beginning of the year or when we did the acquisition model that valued Visa Europe.Certainly, the weak pound and the weak euro have helped the cross-border business. Frankly, the weak pound has caused a massive amount of cross-border into the UK. In addition to that, you know that we have taken some pricing and our yields have run a little better than we expected. And so far, things are going well in terms of renewals and retaining contracts and business and so on.So, when you put it all together, clearly Visa Europe is doing better than we expected this year and accretion is running ahead of the low-single digits we had told you, but the year isn't over yet. So, we'll wait till the end of the year and give you an update in October as to where that accretion was in the first year and whether we have a different perspective on the longer-term outlook on accretion, but it's early days and things are going wellSo, on the cross-border growth rate, real quick, we like what we see on the cross-border trends. We've seen the pound strengthen a bit, but that didn't change the strength of the cross-border business into the UK. We saw the dollar weaken a bit, but that didn't seem to change the trend so far of cross-border business outside leaving the U.S. So, overall, the cross-border business seems to have pretty good momentum. And, yes, the comparisons get tougher, but we feel pretty optimistic about it. So, we'll wait and see how it goes. When you lap big increases, of course, you have to Ðit's a little harder to forecast, but we like what we see a lot.In terms of India, it's such an exciting market and there's a lot going on, obviously, because it's an exciting market and a lot is going on, there's a number of players trying to get into the market. We've been there for a long time. We believe that, as we think about growing our network and in particular merchant acceptance, that we have to have different plans in a emerging market versus a developed market.And in the case of India, we clearly have to have a way that's low cost, low hassle, low friction to enable merchants to sign up. And that is why we initially went with the QR code and now have worked closely with some of our network colleagues on an interoperable QR code that works with our mVisa application and allows quick and easy and low hassle setup for merchants and a relatively easy experience for the India consumer.It is very, very early in the payments maturation curve for India. There is years to still play out here and we're going to do everything we can to take advantage of our heritage and tradition, our brand, our different product sets, our security, the globality of our network as well as our digital tools to make sure that we're winning at least our fair share, if not more, of the business in India as it grows, recognizing clearly that we've got competitors that go beyond just the traditional players that we've competed with over the last number of decades.Well, I'll start and Vasant can add to what I have to say. Clearly, China is one where we've stated a number of times that we're investing ahead of the process of being able to actually operate there, not knowing exactly when that will be. I would say the other categories that come immediately to mind are Open VisaNet. We talked a bit about that at Investor Day that we're looking Ðwe've begun the process of building a more open architecture and a more modularized version of VisaNet to meet the needs that we have going forward and allow us that the flexibility to actually, where necessary put processing right in a country without it being a big deal where a datacenter could be in a small closet as opposed to a large facility that has to have all of the accompanying electronics and cooling and et cetera.Clearly, digital and all of the digital tools that we're building is an area that we're spending a lot of time and effort on. Research, we opened up a ÐI think we talked about this at some point in the past, that in February, we opened up a new facility in Palo Alto focused on research. And we're doing a whole number of things around looking at applications of blockchain and artificial intelligence and different other ways to build our data and our analytics capabilities.And, I guess,the fifth category, I would say, would be security and cyber security. Given how important security and trust in the payments ecosystem is, we continue to look at every possible offering that's out there related to physical and cyber security and make sure that we're being leading edge and investing appropriately to make sure that, given the role that we play in the ecosystem, that we're doing everything we possibly can to help make sure that transactions, as they're flowing through the systems and transactions when they're at rest are all protected to the maximum degree possible. So, those would be the things I would sayYeah, I think the other things ÐAl went through, I think, a very comprehensive list. I mean a few other things just to highlight would be continued investment in the Visa Developer platform, investments and now rolling out Visa Checkout and Visa Token Service and mVisa around the world, a big push on mVisa in places like India and parts of Africa; investments in our innovation centers, you've heard about the London Innovation Center and how significant it's become; investments in core development around our innovation centers with our clients. So, there's a lot of areas where the things we've developed are now in the process of being deployed.An answer to your first question, we're nearing 23 million users who have signed, actually signed up for Visa Checkout. I think we've talked a little bit about this. The whole wallet thing is a bit of a mixed bag of activity around the industry and I think not necessarily the most user-friendly thing for consumers, because there are so many options. We think of Visa Checkout more as a platform than we necessarily think about it as a wallet.But that said, strategically, I think anything that supports the four-party model that makes sense in terms of integration or capability, we're going to be open to look at as we go forward, because ultimately we want to be part of the solution of coming up with a smaller number of easy, convenient and wallet that have the type of functionality that consumers would want and expect and help bring some of what I think is a bit of confusion around wallets and checkout in the e-commerce world, bring a bit more order to it over time.