Wednesday, May 1, 2013First, Visa's 15% net revenue growth in fiscal second-quarter was once again broad-based, as we continue to see strong credit and debit growth in the US and rest of world, which is now supported by a return to positive growth in our aggregate US debit business.Second, client incentives for the quarter, as a percentage of gross revenue, were 16.1%. Similar to last quarter, this was a result of lower-than-expected deal activity. However, for the balance of fiscal 2013, we expect lower incentive levels than originally projected. The new 10-year deal structure with Chase has the effect of simultaneously reducing both gross fees and revenue incentives with one largely offsetting the other. This contractual change, which is now signed and in effect, in combination with deal timing and revenue mix, have caused us to lower our full-year client incentive outlook from 18% to 18.5%, down to 16% to 17% for fiscal 2013.Third, aggregate US debit payment volume growth turned positive in the fiscal second-quarter of 2013 versus a negative 3% in the fiscal first quarter. Of note, the month of March saw the onset of a significant positive inflection point, as we lapped last year's adoption of the Dodd-Frank routing rules for US debit. While interlink payment volume growth was in negative mid-teen territory, Visa debit payment volumes saw a 12% rate of growth.Fourth, as a result of a more certain revenue outlook, and earlier than planned share repurchases, we are increasing our fiscal 2013 EPS guidancefrom high-teens to around 20%. Lastly, as we remain committed to returning excess cash to our shareholders, and to this end during the quarter,we spent $1.8 billion to repurchase 12 million shares at an average price of $157. This means the first, through the first two fiscal quarters, we have spent $3.1 billion to repurchase 20 million shares at an average price of $152. As we begin the fiscal third quarter, our remaining open-to-buy stands at 1 billion.Now let's turn to the numbers. As is our practice, I will cover our global payment volume and process transaction trends for the fiscal second quarter,followed by our results through April 28. I'll then cover the financial highlights of our fiscal second quarter and conclude with our guidance outlook for the balance of fiscal 2013.The payment volume growth rates which follow are unadjusted for the leap year in 2012. Normalizing the month of February would add about 1percentage point of growth to the second quarter's results. Global payment volume growth for the March quarter in constant dollars was 9%, on par with the December quarter's 9%. This was driven by a sustained growth in all of our regions, including the US, which saw some incremental benefit from the early lapping effects associated with US debit regulations. More recently, in the US, through April 28, payment volume growth was 12%, compared with 4% in the March ending quarter.US credit growth held at Q2 levels, while debit experienced improved growth rates. Global, cross-border volume delivered a solid 10% constant dollar growth rate in the March quarter, which compares to 11% rate in the December quarter. The US grew 9%, and the rest of world 11%. Through April 28, cross-border volume on a constant dollar basis grew 10%, with the US growth rate of 7% and rest of world at 12%.Transactions processed over Visa's network totaled $13.9 billion in the fiscal second quarter, a 6% increase over the prior-year period. The US saw a 3% increase in transactions, while the rest of world delivered 21% growth. Through April 28, process transaction growth was a positive 15%,driven in part by the lapping of the US debit routing regulations. Separately, cyber source reported 1.6 billion transactions for the period, a 25%increase over the prior year.Turning to the income statement, net operating revenue in the quarter was $3 billion, a 15% increase year-over-year, driven by solid growth in global payment volumes, data processing revenues, international revenues, and as mentioned earlier, lower-than-anticipated client incentives.Hedging resulted in no meaningful foreign exchange impact on net revenue in the quarter.Moving to the individual revenue line items, service revenue was $1.4 billion, up 10% over the prior-year period. Revenue growth was in line with constant dollar payment volume growth. Data processing revenue was $1.2 billion, up 25% over the prior year's quarter, based on solid growth rates in Visa process transactions inside and outside the US, strong cyber source transaction growth, as well as strategic pricing actions taken last year related to the restructuring of our pricing in the US debit market.International transaction revenue was up 13% to $831 million, reflecting solid strength in cross-border volumes. As I highlighted earlier, client  incentives as a percentage of gross revenue for the quarter came in at 16.1%, lower than we had anticipated on a percentage basis, due to the timing of deals in the quarter. Looking forward, the change in pricing structure related to the Chase contract, in combination with deal timing and revenue mix, now suggests full-year client incentives in the 16% to 17% range.Total operating expenses for the quarter were $1.1 billion, up 13% from the prior year. This was primarily due to higher costs associated with investments in our growth strategies. The rate of operating expense growth should slow in the second half. Marketing expenses were up 15%,primarily due to a low spend level in the prior year, largely related to the timing of the London Summer Olympics. Spend will step up in the fiscal third and fourth quarters, as we increase marketing to support a number of campaigns, including the FIFA Confederations Cup in South America.Operating margin for the quarter was 63%. While slightly ahead of our full-year guidance of about 60%, this margin level is consistent with how we planned for the year. Our effective tax rate for Q2 was 31.6% and is fully consistent with our full-year guidance of 30% to 32%. Net income at$1.3 billion was up 17% over prior-year adjusted results. Fully diluted EPS was $1.92 for the quarter, up 20% over prior-year adjusted results, due in part to a strong commitment to return excess cash in the form of share repurchase. As noted earlier, our full-year adjusted EPS guidance is now around 20%.Finally, capital expenditures were $111 million in the quarter and continue to be in line with our full-year expectations. The weighted average number of fully diluted shares for the fiscal second-quarter totaled $660 million. Other than the changes to our client incentives and diluted earnings per share growth, all other outstanding guidance remains the same.We're happy with our continued strong performance. And as Byron walked us through, it was a strong growth across the world. Economic uncertainty does remain, but our business model continues to prove itself through all environments,and growth rates, as Byron had mentioned, have continued through April, which makes us feel quite good. We continue to build on some exciting partnerships around the world, both traditional and involving emerging technologies. Just a few important examples of these I want to mention.We executed a multi-year co-brand renewal with Southwest Airlines, one of our largest co-brands in the United States. We've talked about V.me before. We now have 82 US issuers who have agreed to participate. We have more than 180 merchants signed, 20 of which are top 100 Internet retailers, and there are 37 merchants live today and more coming online as we talk.During the quarter, we also announced a broad-based partnership agreement with Samsung covering Visa's payment capabilities on Samsung devices. Samsung phones will be preloaded with Visa payWave for contactless payments, and the Visa mobile provisioning service to securely download payment account information to NFC-enabled Samsung devices. These are just a couple of examples of some of the most important things that we executed in the quarter.I want to turn and talk for a second about Europe. There's been a lot of discussion about a couple of items, so we thought we would walk through each of these one by one. First of all, let's just talk about our relationship with Visa Europe and the put. I guess I would say is, we've read what you've read. We do not know what they'll do. And just as a reminder, they have a put, so it's their decision; we do not have a call.The way we think about it, they have three options relative to our relationship. They can keep our relationship as is; they can exercise the put; or they can propose an alternative, which is different from the put. If they choose to exercise the put, there's a clearly defined process for that. If they were to propose something other than the put, we would consider it. And if so inclined, we would negotiate it in normal course; but the process of the put would not apply. It was clear when I got here that we're always prepared if they choose to exercise the put to go through the process,and have our points of view on that.And having said all that, we believe that we compete effectively now, but there certainly are clear benefits over the long-term to be one company.And I've talked about that before. I think it's true both for Visa Inc. as well as for Europe, but they need to come to that conclusion themselves.But I think the most importantly in all of this is, we are prepared to compete regardless of the structure, regardless of which avenue they go down.And if the situation changes, we'll obviously report back. But as of now, what you read are the facts, I believe.The second issue is the EC inquiry. They are investigating intra-European credit interchange rates and inter-regional credit interchange rates, which is where a non-European cardholder uses their card within Europe. They are also investigating certain MasterCard rates as well. If the EC ultimately challenges Visa and MasterCard's conduct, we expect that would seek to prohibit Visa and MasterCard from setting default interregional interchange rates at their current levels. In addition, the EC is investigating Honor All Cards, no surcharge rules, as well as the practice of lending merchant fees.We're in discussions with the EC and have nothing to report yet.There is a disagreement to the extent Visa Europe has an obligation to indemnify Visa Inc. on this issue. We're confident in our position that VisaEurope is obligated to indemnify Visa Inc., and we are engaged in conversations with them to resolve the matter.Let me move and just quickly cover two regulatory and litigation items that you are all aware of. The first one is the MDL. The deadline for the opt-outs is May 28 and we're confident that the judge will approve the settlement. On the Department of Justice, there is no update; we remain comfortable our actions are appropriate.Let me move on now and just hearken back to the last quarter's earnings call. On that call, I talked about our need to become more flexible and the need to work more closely with merchants. And I'm going to talk a little bit more about this.Just a reminder, as we think about our opportunity, we believe the number one opportunity for us is to move transactions from cash onto our electronic platform. And we're confident that our assets are of the quality and the scope that we believe we would get our fair share of transactions in the process. This really is about moving transactions away from cash.Our focus is on helping issuers remain competitive at the point-of-sale. The ecosystem is evolving, and we need to evolve as well to make sure were main competitive at that point. So, to that end, we are evolving our rules. We also aggressively continue to invest in new capabilities that we think will benefit everyone in the payments value chain.An important example of this was, effective February 1, we modified one of our rules to enable issuers and merchants to differentiate at the point-of-sale. This could take form in a whole series of things, but it could include things such as discounts, offers, or incentives. We like this change because it creates an environment where all four parties -- consumers, issuers, acquirers, and merchants -- now have the ability to work together to create the most robust experience for all; and all four parties will now be able to work together to use our network to help us grow Visa payment volume. And the rule we had in place did not allow that to happen.A lot of talk about the Chase contract. And the Chase contract, in reality, is just one example of giving our issuers and acquirers an opportunity to create an environment to actually do what we just talked about, which is deliver more value to merchants and consumers. So we included a slide,but I thought I would walk through exactly just what it is.First of all, it's a 10-year renewable partnership. As part of this, we will create a distinct custom platform within VisaNet for the processing of their transactions, which I believe they're referring to as Chase Merchant Services, or CMS. This image of Visa's authorization, clearing and settlement system will be licensed to them exclusively for their use.The Chase transactions will still originate from a Visa-branded card, but will be processed in one of two ways. The first way would be just as happens today. The second, if the card is used at a merchant with whom Chase has a direct agreement with CMS, the transactions will be processed over the platform provided for them by us. Visa branding on the cards and at the point-of-sale remains the same. The CMS platform is customizable,but the transactions will continue to meet our safety, security, and soundness standards, and we can offer similar functionality to any other Visaclient.Visa retains ownership control of its technology and intellectual property, which is obviously critical for us. Chase, like any other issuer today, can negotiate interchange directly with merchants, whether the transaction is processed through CMS or VisaNet. Not sure that this is well-understood that issuers have the ability to do this today, but they do, in fact, have the ability to do it. And Chase and the other merchants will continue to have the ability.The pricing levels and mechanics for our deal with Chase are consistent with what would be available to clients of Chase's size and scope for making a 10-year commitment. And obviously, important for us, we, Visa, will gain additional consumer credit and debit volume.Looking ahead, we will continue to develop new capabilities and enhancing our business practices, because we want to help issuers, acquirers,and merchants of all sizes work more closely together to take full advantage of the opportunities emerging across the industries. And to that end,we are in active discussions with other partners on ways to use our network to help them differentiate. If clients are interested, we are willing to pursue customized arrangements that make sense for their own business needs, but we will adhere to certain core Visa principles, which is the manner in which we had approached the Chase arrangement.Just a few of these would be -- number one is, it would have to support the Visa brand. It would have to support our safety, soundness, and security standards that we maintain. We would have to maintain control over the IP. We would have to continue to enable clients of all sizes to compete in the marketplace. And probably most importantly, whatever we do would have to add value to the Visa network. The bottom line is, we believe that what -- that our approach here, relative to Chase, and our approach with all issuers, acquirers, merchants of all sizes, are steps that are good for the electronification of payments, and good for all of our partners, and therefore, good for us.There's a lot more we could talk about, but we do have planned for you all a complete strategic update at our Investor Day scheduled for June 6.At that meeting, we intend to cover plans for what we're doing both in the developed and the emerging economies. And we intend to focus a lot on eCommerce, mobile solutions, and what we are doing in the technology space in general. So, we'll leave a bunch of the discussions for that,since we'll have plenty of time.So let me respond to that. First, on the -- just to be clear on the incentive piece, a large contributor to the reduction in the incentive guidance going forward, and to a certain extent, this quarter, when we signed the Chase agreement, it restructured how we price. So that, as I said in my opening remarks, gross fees are coming down along with incentives. And it's largely an offset.So, while incentives for the balance of the year are expected to come in, in that 16% to 17% range, that in and of itself is not a significant contributor to the revenue performance for the balance of the year, because we haven't changed our overall revenue guidance. So, we are well-positioned within the low double-digit range. And what we're seeing underlying that is strong, sustained performance globally. And with two quarters now under our belt, and because of our quarter lag -- remember that we actually have visibility to three quarters of service revenue -- we have a much higher degree of certainty of how the year will flow out.And given the strength we are seeing outside the US, good sustained recovery in our US debit business, as you pointed out, and particularly as we enter into the April, May, June quarter, this will anniversary the Dodd-Frank routing rules. Notice I said Dodd-Frank, not Durbin. And, so, while the debit business in the US has sustained a meaningful loss, particularly in the interlinked, we are pleased with the way that the business and our mitigating strategies have unfolded, and the way the business has been recovering over the past several quarters.The pricing approach that Visa Europe pursues is one that's still very much based on a bank-owned membership arrangement. And so, it's different than what we have here in the United States or for Visa Inc. globally, outside of Europe. Having said that, Visa Europe still must price to be competitive with other competitors like MasterCard in that arena. And so, we've not done a detailed analysis of what the comparisons are, but there is a presumption that, to be competitive, you have to price competitively. And we consider Visa Europe very competitive in that part of the world.So, don't really have a comment on that. And with regards to the cash volumes in Latin America, don't have a comment on that either. And so,that's one we'll have to take a look into and we'd be happy to get back to you through IR.And let me just add to Byron's response on the Visa Europe question. As I said in the remarks, there is a very defined process that we would go through with Visa Europe where we look at the sustainable earnings power of the Company. And I would presume a big part of that discussion would be what the sustainable revenue contribution would be, as the model evolved. And there's plenty of time through that process to have that discussion with them, if we get to that pointThe answer is no. We began life as a public company committed to return excess cash to shareholders. We have done that aggressively over five-plus years. Every time there was an opportunity to, in effect, put money into the escrow on behalf of the US Bank shareholders, and do that in a way that had the effect of a share repurchase, we did that. Had that money not gone into the escrow, I'm fairly confident in saying that we would have ended up buying back, in the open market, those shares.And just a final point. You mentioned the buyback and the dividends for the period. If you think about our commitment in the following way, I think this underscores our commitment to return. We have guided to $6 billion of free cash flow for the year. Roughly $1 billion of that $6 billion will be generated in -- offshore in ways that we would not bring back to the US and subject it to taxes, at least at any time in the near future. That leaves $5 billion. We have authorization to repurchase a little over $4 billion for the year, of which we have basically bought back, through the first six months, $3 billion of the $4 billion. And if you take four full quarters of dividend payments, you're approaching $1 billion. So if you add the share repurchases at $4 billion to the dividends of $1 billion, you get $5 billion of the $6 billion of free cash flow, in effect, returned to shareholders, and the $1 billion that isn't, is offshore.Yes, let me do the second one first. Everything else being equal, yes. The gross revenue yields would come down, isolated to that one factor in Chase. Because you still have the transactions, but the way that they are being charged, gross equals net, no incentives. And so, incentives would go down, gross yield would go down.And on the first point, let me take a shot at that for a second. So, the EC is investing -- is investigating several different things, one of which is intra-European credit interchange. So, this is where there is a card issued within Europe and it's used inside of Europe. That affects Visa Europe. It does not affect us, per se. And they're also investigating inter-interchange, which is when it is a card issued outside of Europe and it's used inside of Europe.We obviously don't know, since we're in discussions with them, where it winds up. We have nothing to report on exactly the specifics of what they're thinking. And relative to how it impacts their view of the put, I think, honestly, that is a -- that's a question for them, whether it's for VisaEurope or for the banks themselves. I would say what we think about is, what it does to our thinking about Visa Europe. And in the different scenarios that I spoke about, to the extent that we have to go through a valuation process to understand what the sustainable earnings of Visa Europe would be, that whatever the conclusion of this inquiry would be would obviously help us point us towards what the affect of this could certainly be. And if it's something outside of the put, we would obviously have to take it into account as well. But when it's concluded, we'll know the specifics, and we'll be in a position to understand the impacts.Okay. So on the first question, we're not the type of organization that waits for our clients to call us. I mean, in all seriousness, we are -- we talk with our clients literally day in and day out. So, when this was announced, there are certainly extensive conversations that have gone on and continue to go on with clients of all sizes. And even before the announcement, the conversations that we've had were very consistent with the messaging that I laid out on the last call, which is that we want to be more flexible. We want to evolve our rules, and we want to focus much more on working with merchants.So, we are actively involved in talking to institutions of all sizes. I would describe them as very, very different types of conversations, with people having different capabilities and different desires. And when I went through my introductory remarks, I kind of laid out what some of the principles are for us to follow. But if we can do things with them that would help them grow their business and help us grow payment volume, that's something we're very excited to do.Let me take the -- yes, let me take the question on the CFPB. As you might imagine, we have quite a bit of experience globally working with regulators. And it's not uncommon for them to reach out in a very informational way to try and understand how certain practices unfold within our ecosystem. And that is very much the nature of this dialogue with the CFPB.They have reached out and asked us if we would help them -- help educate them on how the currency trading ecosystem works as it relates to credit and debit cards. And so, myself along with a number of my colleagues, have met with them personally. It was a very straightforward educational type discussion, focused on the mechanics of how currency conversion works. I would describe the working relationship as very cordial, very sound.I would say at the same time that our engagement is ongoing. And we will, of course, give me keep you all informed as this dialogue unfolds.I didn't realize that spring was the period of time for new fees. You know, I think I'll leave it at the revenue guidance overall that Byron gave. I think that's -- I mean, that's -- for us to talk about in another level of detail of what we are forecasting for revenues would go beyond what is our practice,and not something that we would want to get into.I would just add to that. When we gave the original guidance that Charlie referred to, at the beginning of the fiscal year, we said that it was Ð that we would deliver our revenue the old-fashioned way, through volume increases, and that there would not be a material reliance on any sort of price -- yes, pricing overall within the business plan for the year.Let me start with the -- so why don't we start with the numbers? So the answer to the question -- first part of the question was, do we expect to be volume-accretive with the signing of this contract going into the (multiple speakers) -- excuse me, revenue-accretive -- going into the next year.The question is absolutely yes, that when we factor in all the elements of the deal, including those you referenced, we expect to have positive revenue growth with the Chase relationship in the coming year.And relative to the reaction of -- from banks and acquirers to Chase, I mean, I would honestly -- I guess I would say it was mixed initially, and quite candidly, was probably confusing, because there were not a lot of facts. Because there were terms disclosed at the point of a letter of intent, not a final contract, which is what we have signed now. So we've been able to have much more in-depth conversations about what it is, similar to what we've talked about here. And I think the conversations very much have moved to, what is it? It's confusing. What does it mean? And this is both on the bank side and the acquirer side, to what will -- what can Visa do to help them customize and differentiate their experience?So we are having that discussion again from small institutions to much bigger institutions and acquirers alike. And as I said, I think the overriding concept here is, the world is changing around us. And there are lots of people that we compete with, and people who want to compete with us,that have strategies around working with merchants at point-of-sale. And if we don't figure out how to evolve our model to encourage issuers and acquirers to do that, then we'd be leaving great opportunity on the table. And so, we do have to be flexible in how we do it, as long as we don't think that it violates any of the principles that I spoke about before. And we feel very good that what we're doing actually does thatSo, on the debit -- data processing yield, as you all remember, about a year ago, as part of our Dodd-Frank debit mitigating strategy,we restructured our pricing. We introduced a lower variable transaction fee. We introduced, for the first time, a fixed acquirer network fee.When we first introduced those in the way that we bill and record revenue, we had to do that to a certain degree with some estimates, and Ð since it was a new pricing structure. And as we conclude the March quarter, we pretty much got a year of this under our belt. And so, we're now in a position where we can start to true up some of those estimates. And what you saw in the data processing yield line was some true-up there and a few credits.Going forward, I would say that the data processing yield is more likely to approximate what you saw in Q1 as opposed to Q2. Still very solid. But I think that's -- from a nerdy modeling standpoint, I think that's probably the guidance you were looking for.With regards to international, as we have talked about this particular line on several occasions before, there is always some degree of variability between volume and reported revenue. Part of it is revenue mix. Part of it is the amount of volatility we see in the currency markets. And in periods where there is a higher degree of volatility, often associated with saber rattling or conflicting claims on islands in the China Sea, anything issues around Cyprus, anything that royals the currency markets and creates more volatility, creates a bit more -- as an impact on the revenue that we record.And so, that was the case with international this past quarter. We had a step-up in currency volatility, relative to what we've seen historically. And then we also had a little bit of a tailwind with regards to this specific currencies that -- and their weighting during the quarter. Some currencies just naturally yield more of a return across our fee-base than others. So that's the reason.So, in the event that we needed to consider funding for Visa Europe, let me just give you the following perspective.We, currently, at the end of this quarter, we have roughly $2.2 billion of cash that is in offshore accounts, not immediately required for working capital. That $2.2 billion would be available for use in a Visa Europe put situation. Once the put -- if and when the put is exercised, we have 285days to negotiate out and fund the transaction. During that period, we would generate in the normal course of business, at least $3 billion of free cash flow.So, before we ever get to debt, if any were to be required, recognizing we have no debt, we've got $5 billion of cash readily available to deploy.And that's not to say that we would use all that cash, because this might -- again, if the put were to be exercised, this might be a good opportunity to actually put some debt on the balance sheet, and lower our weighted average cost of capital.The second question was CyberSource. CyberSource was acquired, as you might remember, because it moved us closer to the merchant checkout page with regards to Internet transactions. The fastest-growing channel we have today is eCommerce, and CyberSource gives us an additional value-add in the transaction, and a way of directly connecting through the acquirer to our network, in a way that is very synergistic with the rest of our business.When we acquired CyberSource, it was primarily a US business. The opportunity for us was outside the United States. And so, we have invested aggressively in CyberSource to accelerate the expansion of that business outside the United States, and as a result, have been successful in sustaining its transaction growth rate at 20-plus-percent ever since we acquired the business. And I can tell you that that transaction growth rate is slightly above the pro forma projections that we presented to our Board when we justified the purchase price.So we couldn't be more pleased with the role CyberSource is now playing in the Visa Inc. global strategy, as we zero in on capitalizing on the Internet growth opportunity, which is absolutely global in its scope.And I'll just add, as we -- all of our work that we've got going on with merchants, as I talked about, CyberSource and its capabilities are a tremendous advantage for us in those conversations.Well, again, I think -- I guess the way we think about it is, what we are willing -- the importance of what we did with Chase is not specifically about the Chase structure. It's about what the intent we're trying to get at, which is to put issuers and acquirers together to work directly with merchants.So, to the extent that a bank owns an acquirer, it obviously allows you to have that conversation under one roof. To the extent you have issuers who don't control their own acquirers, hopefully, now they're thinking about and are, in fact, having conversations with acquirers, about the types of things that they could do if they worked more closely together.You know the reality is, I think if you go around and talk to most issuers, they would probably say that there wasn't a lot of conversation that went on between the issuing and acquiring side, partially because of our rules that stood in the way of them working together to do something positive for the merchant. And so, now that we've given them the ability to do that, I don't -- it shouldn't -- you don't have to own your own acquirer in order to take advantage of the changes that we've made. And I think, quite frankly, we'll see how it evolves.I think going back to Rod's question earlier, I mean, there are some people that look at this and say, okay, got it, understand it, but I don't believe it. I think it's too hard. I don't think it's going to be successful. I don't intend to change anything. And we'll wait and see. And if we get to a point of,hey, there's something there, then we've got capabilities and we'll go forward with that.There are others that are more interested in thinking through how to take advantage of some of the things that we are willing to do. And I think,honestly, this will evolve over the next -- it will take, I'm going to say, a couple of years. It's not the type of thing that will be -- it will be very, veryshort. You know, it's -- they involve not just conversations between issuers and acquirers, but you have to have conversations with the merchants.They have to believe that there is a real value proposition there. They've got to do some things different potentially in their stores with theircustomers. And that's not always the most obvious and easy conversation. But again, we think it's the right conversation to have but it's a thesisthat has to be proved.So, just to clarify the question, because the Chase deal was signed in April actually, it did not have any impact to the quarter just it has a retroactive effect a little bit earlier, but that is all contemplated in the guidance that we gave for the balance of the year.And on the staged wallet question, so, first of all, just on the actual stages wallet fee that MasterCard implemented, that's not something that we are currently contemplating, but we are actively thinking through what has changed in the ecosystem and how we have to react to that. Our relationship with PayPal and people like them has evolved. It's complicated. They specifically are a very important customer of ours, but they have their own ambitions. And we're mindful, I think, first and foremost, of the impact that they have both positively and negatively potentially on our issuers. Because that ultimately will be what determines our success. And I think we are actively thinking about the right way to restructure the ecosystem in a way that works for everyone. And we've got nothing to announce now, but we will at some point.Yes. So, in the commercial side, this -- a lot of success in this marketplace is dependent on the sophistication of the platforms that you bring to bear to service corporate clients. It's a very information-reporting intensive business. And we have made significant investments over the last several years in a platform we refer to as IntelliLink. We believe what we have today is a state-of-the-art, and one that has been -- compared to where we were five years ago, has been a game-changer for us, in terms of being much more successful in capturing commercial business. And it's largely driven by the investments in the sophistication of reporting multi-currency, multi-country. And that's really the lead card we play.I guess I'll just start, Byron, and then you can chime in. I mean, it's -- obviously, it's very hard right now to put things into the buckets that numerically the way you spoke about. But I think when you look at our issuing base, we've certainly benefited from the partnerships that we have with the faster-growing issuers out there. And you can say that that's luck on our part historically, or it's -- that Visa targeted the right population of customers.And I think it stands for itself, things don't happen by chance. And we do have a very fast-growing set of customers that we certainly benefit from.And the same thing is true relative to the co-brands that we have. You know, the co-brands can -- just like anything else, not all co-brands are equal.And we think we've got the premier client base out there, and we've been clearly very big beneficiaries of that and would expect that to continueI would just add one other component to this. The -- in addition to the quality and the growth delivered by the issuer, that's also impacted by the quality of the cardholder portfolio as measured by affluent income levels. And we are very well-positioned in the affluent portfolios. And if you think about it, what has driven the credit card payment volume growth over the -- certainly over the past two years, has been predominantly affluent. And so being well-positioned as the economy recovers, this is an area where we are well-positioned to sustain this kind of growth. It should be less volatile in that sense. And so, we certainly feel it has strong legs; relative to the delta, that's a much harder one to frameThat was -- let's start there. What we said they could do historically was enter into pricing arrangements directly with merchants relative to interchange. And again, anyone can do that today, and that's not specific to on-us transactions. So I'm not sure then the rest of the question flows, so if we didn't answer it, maybe come back and ask us the question again. But they and everyone else have the ability to go negotiate interchange, and they've got the ability to do that in this agreement in a different format and a different structure.On the size of the Chase commitment, again, I think the best way to characterize that is what Byron said -- which is, net-net, all in all, we think that we're still in the position to grow revenues. And how we get there and whatnot is not something that I think is appropriate for us to talk about.And back on the first piece, on the EC inquiry, it is on interchange. And so that would be the direct impact of what it is they're looking at today.Yes. I mean, I'll give you our point of view. But again, why -- some of those questions I think are important for them. For -- so, specifically, from our point of view, we don't believe that this structure was necessary to accomplish what the end goal is. The structure is something that we've worked on together, because it's something that was important to them. But that's -- which is why we believe that this doesn't -- this structure isn't specific to them; that we could go accomplish the same thing by working with issuers and acquirers separately without this kind of structural transaction  that occurred.You know, the benefit in this, if we are successful at this, is really related to the rule change that we made, which encourages and allows the issuers and acquirers to go talk to merchants directly, and to ask the question, what can we do for you? Or to propose an idea of we can do the following thing for you to help you drive more sales and drive more volume into your stores. And, in return for that, presumably, there will be additional transactions that get directed to the Visa cards. Again, this structure, we don't believe is necessary to do that, but it certainly allows that to happen and that's what was important to us.And I would just add, on the economics, John, that this business has always been built on an economic business model that says the larger the client, the larger the portfolio, the better pricing you get. And this was one of our largest clients, one of the largest portfolios. We had the opportunity to enter into a 10-year arrangement that has a set of economics that are consistent with how we have been doing multi-year contracts with other clients over the years, including Chase.And given the size of this portfolio and where we expect it to be over the next five and 10 years, is there margin compression? Yes. But that margin compression is consistent, in the same ZIP code as what we would normally have expected to have put on the table, given the kind of -- given the size of the portfolio and the kind of growth that we are expecting this partnership to produce. So, from that standpoint, we are very comfortable with the economics of this deal.