MSFT Earnings Conference CallBill Koefoed, Peter KleinThursday, July 19, 2012BILL KOEFOED:  Thanks, Erin.And thank you, everyone, for joining us this afternoon.  As usual with me today are Peter Klein, Chief Financial Officer; Frank Brod, Chief Accounting Officer; and John Seethoff, Deputy General Counsel.On our website, Microsoft.com/investor, is our financial summary slide deck, which is intended to follow our prepared remarks, and provide the reconciliation of differences between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures.Note that all growth comparisons we make on the call today will relate to the corresponding period of last year.  Unless specified otherwise, all impacted numbers for the current quarter have been adjusted for the $540 million revenue deferral related to the Windows Upgrade Offer, and the previously announced $6.2 billion goodwill impairment charge.As a reminder, we will post today's prepared remarks to our website immediately following the call until the complete transcript is available.  Today's call is being webcast live and recorded.  If you ask a question, it will be included in our live transmission, in the transcript, and any future use of the recording.  You can replay the call and view the transcript at the Microsoft Investor Relations website until July 19, 2013.During this call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are predictions, projections, or other statements about future events.  These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties.  Actual results could materially differ because of factors discussed in today's earnings press release, in the comments made during this conference call, and in the risk factor section of our Form 10-K, Forms 10-Qs, and other reports and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statement.Okay.  And, with that, I'll turn the call over to Peter.PETER KLEIN:  Thanks, Bill.And thanks everyone for joining us.  We started the fiscal year with good momentum, and closed with a solid finish.  Throughout the year, we delivered top line growth, and remained disciplined on cost management while continuing to execute on our product roadmap.Our enterprise products and services remain a top priority for CIOs as they navigate macroeconomic challenges.  They are adopting our solutions for increased productivity, manageability, and security at an overall lower total cost of ownership.Windows 7 and Office 2010 both reached new milestones as enterprises benefit from our business desktop offering.  Today, over 50 percent of enterprise desktops worldwide are running Windows 7.  And software assurance attach rates are at an all-time high.  And even two years after launch, Office 2010 attach continues to grow as businesses make long-term commitments to the Office platforms.Our productivity server offerings continue to perform very well with double-digit growth.  Our newest server offering, Lync, grew over 45 percent this quarter, and we are excited about the unified communications scenarios that are enabled by new voice, video and social capabilities.  Office remains the number one productivity application, and today it's on more than one billion PCs worldwide.On Monday, we released the customer preview of the new Office, which puts mobility, social, and cloud at the forefront.  Combined with the power of Windows 8, we are enabling a new platform of computing that gives the end user unparalleled choice for consumption and productivity.Our Server and Tools products deliver on the vision of the modern data center by enabling multi-tenancy, scalability, and continuous services, all while using a single pane of glass for management.  No other technology company can offer the hybrid cloud solutions that give customers the ability to manage and scale their applications, data and processes across both public and private clouds.As I look back, when I first became CFO of Server and Tools in 2003, it was a $7 billion business.  Since then, it has grown to nearly $19 billion in revenue, and the opportunity for future growth has never been better.Xbox continued its evolution as an entertainment platform, and has solidified its place in the living room.  With the help of Kinect and Bing, discovering and accessing content has never been easier.  And with the recently announced Xbox Smart Glass, we look to make entertainment smarter, more interactive, and more fun.Moving to the Online Services Division, we continue to grow share, increase revenue per search, and improve operating performance.  Despite this progress, our expectations for future growth and profitability are now lower than we previously expected.  As we announced earlier this month, we took a write-down on the goodwill that arose mainly form the aQuantive acquisition.  We continue to believe that search is a strategic asset for Microsoft, and are prioritizing our resources into the areas we believe drive the most business value.With Windows 8 and Windows Phone 8, we see a great opportunity to benefit from the trend towards smart mobile devices.  We feel that we are uniquely positioned to address the security and manageability challenges that CIOs are dealing with today as a result of this trend.  And for users, we offer compelling experiences across devices with data and services that are connected seamlessly via the cloud.In summary, we delivered solid financial results while embarking on the largest launch wave in our history.  We are pleased with the long-term commitment that enterprise customers are making to our offerings as it demonstrates a high level of confidence in our product and service roadmap.  Importantly, customer satisfaction is at an all-time high.  This past year, we delivered significant product releases, such as SQL Server 2012, System Center 2012, and updates from Azure, Bing, and Xbox Live.  And enthusiasm is building for the coming year that includes important releases from Windows, Windows Phone, Office, and Windows Server.With those thoughts, I'll hand it back to Bill to provide more details on our results, and then I'll come back to provide some thoughts on our outlook for the first quarter, and full Fiscal Year 2013.BILL KOEFOED:  Thanks, Peter.First, I'm going to review our overall results, and then I'll move on to the details by business segment.Revenue for the quarter was $18.6 billion, up 7 percent or $1.2 billion.  Operating income was $6.9 billion, up 12 percent.  Earnings per share was 73 cents, up 6 percent.  Cash flow from operations was $7.7 billion, up 29 percent.  And for the full year, it was a record $31.6 billion.Foreign exchange did not materially impact our net income this quarter.From a geographic perspective, developed markets grew mid single digits, and we saw continued double-digit growth in emerging markets.We delivered solid financial results despite a tough economic environment, which demonstrates the strength and breadth of our businesses.  Our compelling product portfolio across Windows, Server and Tools, and the Microsoft Business Division is driving strong demand from small businesses to the largest global enterprises.  Multi-year licensing revenue grew 14 percent, and made up over 40 percent of our total revenue for the quarter.  Unearned revenue was a record $19.5 billion, up 14 percent, and our contracted not billed balanced was over $19.5 billion.Turning to the PC market, we estimate that the worldwide PC market was roughly flat this quarter, with approximately 85 million PCs sold.  Business PCs were up 1 percent, and consumer PCs were down 2 percent.Next, I'll move on to the results for the Windows and Windows Live Division, where revenue was generally in line with the PC market.  As in past quarters, you will find the OEM revenue bridge in our earnings slide deck.  Adoption of Windows 7 remains strong, especially among enterprises, which are benefiting from the security and management capabilities that come with the operating system.  This quarter volume licensing revenue grew double digits.During the quarter, we launched the release preview of Windows 8 to a positive reception, and we recently announced that Windows 8 will reach general availability on October 26th.  Windows 8 represents a significant opportunity for developers, OEMs, and other partners to extend a new range of form factors, capabilities, and scenarios to billions of people around the world.Now, I'll move on to the Microsoft Business Division, where revenue grew 7 percent.  Business revenue grew 9 percent, and within that multi-year licensing revenue grew 12 percent, and transactional revenue grew 2 percent driven by higher attach worldwide.  Consumer revenue declined 4 percent reflecting consumer PC dynamics in developed markets, which was partially offset by higher attach rates.We saw strong growth in our productivity server offerings with Exchange, SharePoint, and Lync collectively growing double digits this quarter.  CIOs continue to invest in our application roadmap, and new productivity scenarios.  As Peter mentioned, Lync revenue growth accelerated to over 45 percent as enterprises chose our unified communications platform.  We believe unified communications is a huge market opportunity, and we are pleased to see these results.Just a year ago, we introduced Office 365.  It is now offered in 88 markets and 32 languages.  In just one year some of the biggest global brands have embraced Office 365 to share information and connect with customers and partners.  Global brands such as Lowe's, Qantas, Japan Airlines, and Hallmark Cards have adopted Office 365 to unify their communication and collaboration experience with a secure, trusted platform.Earlier this week, we released the customer preview of the next version of Office.  It features an intuitive design that works great on Windows 8 with touch, stylus, mouse or keyboard.  It is available as a cloud-based subscription service, and includes Skype credits, and extra SkyDrive storage.  With SkyDrive integration, content is always available across all types of devices.  It enables modern scenarios, such as digital note taking, reading and markup.  It is social and makes it easy to connect with people and information.  With People Card there is an integrated view of contacts from LinkedIn and Facebook.  And speaking of social, this morning we announced that we have closed the Yammer acquisition.  Yammer ads best in class enterprise social networking to our portfolio of cloud-based productivity services.  Dynamics revenue grew 7 percent and within that Dynamics CRM revenue grew over 25 percent and added 360,000 users this quarter.  We now have more than 2.7 million users and 36,000 customers that use Dynamics CRM to get a consistent and familiar experience inside Office.Now, let's move to Server and Tools, which posted another solid quarter with 13 percent revenue growth.  Transactional revenue declined to low single digits, while multi-year licensing revenue grew more than 20 percent, fueled by the wave of our new server products.  Enterprise services grew 15 percent.In the private cloud Windows Server premium revenue grew double digits, with greater scalability, improved performance, and cost efficiencies, Hyper-V continues to win share against VMware.  In anticipation of what is coming in Windows Server 2012, we are already seeing customers like Unilever move form VMware to Hyper-V.System Center revenue grew roughly 20 percent and we continued building momentum and demand for our private cloud capabilities.  With the release of System Center 2012, and our leadership in Windows Server Active Directory, we have a compelling device management and application delivery platform.In the public cloud we launched a major release of Windows Azure, which enables infrastructure as a service capabilities, ads 48 countries, offers media services, and brings new capabilities to developers.  We are excited that Windows Azure Media Services is being used to deliver Olympics coverage in high definition.  This quarter Windows Azure had significant customer and partner wins and we added roughly 800 new enterprise customers.In our data platform business SQL Server revenue grew 20 percent, outpacing industry growth.  Every week we see customers moving to SQL Server, because of its superior business analytics, security, flexibility, and cost effectiveness.  SQL Server Premium revenue grew more than 30 percent, as enterprises continue to deploy it for their mission critical workloads, and business intelligence needs.High performance and BI capabilities offered by SQL Server 2012, along with Hadoop integration will enable our customers to capture the full potential of big data.  As I look back at the year, SQL Server revenue grew more than half-a-billion dollars and with the technology advancements in SQL Server 2012 we are well positioned for future growth.Next I will move on to the Online Services Division, where revenue grew 8 percent and operating performance improved by 266 million, or 36 percent.  Online advertising revenue was up 12 percent, driven primarily by rate improvement in our search business.  Bing's U.S. organic market share ended the quarter at 15.6 percent, up 120 basis points, year-over-year.In the Entertainment and Devices Division revenue grew 20 percent, despite the soft console market Xbox continues its leadership position and had 47 percent share of the U.S. market in June.  Additionally, Xbox Live membership increased by more than 15 percent; driven in part by the new content partners we have brought to Xbox.  We also announced Xbox SmartGlass, which will connect phones, PCs, and tablets with the Xbox 360 console, to enable more interactive and engaging entertainment.For Windows Phone there are now approximately 100,000 apps in the marketplace, and Windows Phone unit sales grew more than 50 percent sequentially.  In June we announced that Windows Phone 8 will arrive later this year.  Windows Phone 8 is based on the same core technologies that power Windows 8, and it will unleash a new wave of features for consumers, developers, and businesses.Moving on to Skype.  We continue to progress with the integration and you got a taste of that with our Office announcement this week.   This quarter 115 billion minutes of calls were made on the Skype network, an increase of over 50 percent from the prior year.I will now cover the remainder of the income statement.Cost of goods sold increased 12 percent, primarily due to Nokia platform payments, inclusion of Skype costs, and growth in enterprise services.  Operating expenses were flat at $7.5 billion.  Operating income increased 12 percent to $6.9 billion.  This quarter we returned $2.7 billion to shareholders in buybacks and dividends.So, to wrap up, we saw strong demand from our business customers, leading to solid financial results.  Along with our revenue growth we were able to maintain strong cost discipline and drive operating margin expansion.  And with that, I will hand it back to Peter who is going to discuss our business outlook.PETER KLEIN:  Thanks, Bill.For the remainder of the call I'll discuss our expectations for the first quarter and full Fiscal Year 2013.  As we look forward we expect many of the trends from 2012 to continue, companies will prioritize the transition to the modern desktop.  CIOs will continue to invest in cloud solutions to deliver productivity and scalability to their business.  Consumers will increasingly leverage cloud services to ensure their content is always available across any of their devices.  Rapid innovation will continue in hardware, services, and the underlying infrastructure that is needed to support mobile computing.  With our current portfolio and roadmap we believe we are well positioned to capitalize on these trends.Now turning to our outlook by business.For Windows, in the first quarter we expect to defer 1.0 to 1.2 billion related to the Windows upgrade offer and presales of Windows 8 to OEMs prior to general availability.  Just a reminder that amounts deferred for the Windows upgrade offer will get recognized upon the earlier of redemption, or the expiration of the program on February 28, 2013.We expect the current dynamics of the PC marketplace to continue in the first quarter.  Excluding the impact of the deferrals associated with the Windows upgrade offer and pre-sales, we expect Windows revenue to slightly trail the PC market for the quarter.  With new touch-enabled features in Windows 8, and new form factors hitting the market this fall, we expect Windows 8 to drive the PC ecosystem forward.  Excluding the deferrals from Fiscal Year 2012, for the year we expect Windows revenue to be roughly in line with the PC market.  Note that this does not include the impact of Surface PCs, which we will update you on in the coming months.In the Microsoft Business division multi-year licensing revenue, which is approximately 60 percent of the division's total, should grow low double digits for both the first quarter and full year.  Transactional revenue, which is the remaining revenue in the division, should lag the overall PC market until the launch of Office, due to the normal cyclical slowdown in advance of the next version, and then slightly out-perform the PC market post-launch.In Server and Tools our customers are moving from transactional licensing to multi-year licensing agreements.  This impacts our mix of revenue and for next year we expect multi-year licensing to be approximately 60 percent of the division's revenue, transactional licensing to be 20 percent, and enterprise services to remain at 20 percent.With the shift in multi-year agreements, we expect transactional revenue to slightly lag the overall server hardware market for the first quarter and full year.  For both the first quarter and the year we expect multi-year licensing revenue and enterprise services revenue to both grow low teens.In the Online Services Division we look to build upon improvements in share and search monetization with focused investment in the highest value areas.For our entertainment and devices division, while we have been maintaining our share leadership position, the console market has been showing year-over-year declines.  For games, Halo 4 will launch in Q2, while gears of war was a Q1 title last year.  With these considerations in mind we expect revenue to decline high-teens in the first quarter, and to be roughly flat for the full year.  We expect COGS to grow single digits in the first quarter, due primarily to the Nokia payment addition of Skype, and growth in enterprise services partially offset by lower console volumes.We are reaffirming our guidance for operating expenses of $30.3 to $30.9 billion for Fiscal 2013, and as you create your models you should expect higher expense growth rates around the timing of the launches.As a reminder, other income includes dividend and interest income, offset by interest expense and the net cost of hedging.  In the current low interest rate environment we expect these items to generally offset absent one-time events.  For the full Fiscal Year we expect our effective tax rate to be 19 to 21 percent, and capital expenditures to be slightly over $3 billion.Adjusting for the impact of the Windows upgrade offer and presales we expect unearned revenue will roughly follow historical sequential growth patterns for the first quarter.  In summary, we delivered solid financial results in both the fourth quarter and for the full fiscal year.  We enter Fiscal 2013 with great momentum and are excited about our upcoming launches.PETER KLEIN:  Thanks, Adam.  I'd go back to the  the first question, I'll go back to the sort of guidance we gave for how we expect Windows to really ignite the PC market and how we expect Windows to do relative to the PC market.  Obviously we said it was going to lag a little bit in the first quarter, pre-launch, and for the full year we'd be roughly in line.  Obviously that means for the remainder of the year slightly ahead.And also, think about sort of emerging markets versus developed markets and what that means for the overall growth of Windows, relative to the hardware market.On the second question on the PC market, I would sort of say when we talk about the PC market we're largely consistent with how the third parties would report on the PC market traditionally. PETER KLEIN:  Thanks, Rick.  I think generally you're characterizing it correctly.  We're really excited about the new Office and what that means for Office 365, being broadly available for both consumers and enterprises.  And we do think this is a real accelerant for the business.  To date it's been a really compelling part of the overall Office story.  We talk with every customer about the cloud roadmap and that's one of the drivers of what we're seeing broadly across MBD, not just in Office, but in SharePoint, Lync, and Exchange.  And I think you're thinking about this right that when we get to the new Office in conjunction with Windows 8 we really accelerate what we're doing for both consumers, as well as businesses of all sizes. PETER KLEIN:  Well, what I'd say Mark is we're sort of laser beam focused on the partnership that we have with Yahoo.  We've been very encouraged by the improvements, the year-over-year improvements we've seen over the last several quarters.  And to be honest, 100 percent of our focus right now is on making sure we continue to drive those gains, which will benefit both parties of the partnership, and make sure that's successful for both companies, because it's obviously very strategic for both of us. PETER KLEIN:  Thanks, Heather.  The biggest piece of that we're seeing is SQL.  And we're getting so much great traction with big enterprises.  We're really starting to make progress in Tier-1 applications.  And what we're seeing now is many more long-term, multi-year agreements for SQL, which used to be more of a transactional business, but now as bigger companies are making the commitment to our data platform, putting their mission critical applications on it, they are signing more of a new kind of licensing that we have just for SQL for multi-year licensing agreements.  So, by far the biggest impact is in SQL and, yes, with the new version of SQL Server 2012 we expect that to continue.BILL KOEFOED:  Just to add on, I mentioned in my script that year-over-year revenue for SQL was up over half-a-billion dollars.  Just awesome momentum in SQL and the database business and our competitive strategy in the marketplace has just really been playing out. PETER KLEIN:  Thanks, Walter.  No, as you pointed out, we tend to look at it all up on our sort of annuity business, both contracted, as well as the unearned and taken as a whole.  We're obviously very pleased with what we're doing.  We're pleased with the performance we've had with our customers.  We're pleased with the renewal rates.  We're pleased with the trend that we just talked about with SQL.  I wouldn't highlight anything unusual there.BILL KOEFOED:  I would just add on that our enterprise agreement renewal rate was certainly within, if not at the higher end of our historical range.  So, we feel really good about the execution of the sales force this quarter and I think that definitely played out toward the end of the fiscal year. PETER KLEIN:  When I think about E&D I feel really good about the evolution of the business model for the entertainment business.  You've seen us really add the content partners that we have and grow the Xbox Live business.  So, historically the profitability has been largely sensitive to the console market, and that's still a big piece of it.  But, as we broaden the business we now are at different revenue streams.  And obviously the other thing I would say is with Halo 4 coming later this year, having a really hot first-party title is always a great thing from a profit perspective.When I think about the business model going forward I feel great about some of the content that's coming.  I feel great about the subscription business with Xbox Live and some of the access and discoverability we have with Kinect and Bing, as well. PETER KLEIN:  Yes, I know.  It's a great question.  As that business has really accelerated and shown great revenue growth, we're obviously getting the benefits of the scale that you get, right, because a lot of the expenses are R&D expenses, and so we've really been able to improve those margins at the same time that we've been building out both the public and private cloud assets as well.  And as we talked about before, we're really encouraged by the trajectory of that business, and we think there's continued headroom from that perspective.BILL KOEFOED:  I would just add on,  when Satya spoke at one of the conferences this past year, he talked about the fact that our roadmap there is something that enterprises are really buying into.  He used this term "hybrid cloud" and he talks about this is a strategy of working with enterprises to focus in their on premises capability as well as their public cloud capability, and being able to offer the opportunity for people to kind of manage that interchangeably.  And really feel like we've got just the unique set of capabilities there.  And as Peter said, we've been making a lot of investment there, and you're really seeing that show up in our revenue growth. BILL KOEFOED:  Yes.  Let me take that.  There's a whole bunch  I think Peter talked about this a second ago, but there's just a whole bunch of moving pieces in there.  As he talked about, there's emerging markets that are growing faster than developed markets.  Obviously, there's a different pricing.  We have different prices in emerging markets than we do in developed markets.  Obviously there's also some upgrade revenue that we'd be recognizing during this year.I think, Kash, to your point, there could be some tablet growth.  Look, to be honest, it could grow faster.  But, at the same time, the best estimates that we have are that we're going to grow in line with all the information that we have available.  PETER KLEIN:  Yes.  No, you're right.  It's not losing share, it's that it's transitioning to the multi-year licensing business for both Windows Server and SQL Server.  So, that's really what we're seeing.  And Bill gave you some of the numbers when he was talking about some of the growth in SQL Server revenue, and just the all-up multi-year licensing business for the Server and Tools Business.  It's really just a mix to the multi-year agreements, which we love because it's people making longer-term commitments to the platform.  PETER KLEIN:  In general, in total, when people are buying new Server and Tools Products, they're more often going to multi-year licensing agreements than transaction, where that wasn't as much the case in the past. BILL KOEFOED:  You know, Brendan, neither Peter nor I are probably technically savvy enough to be able to offer a great answer on that one.  But we're happy to get somebody form the Server and Tools Business who can go deep on the technology, and we'd love to talk about what we're doing around that, and certainly arrange a follow-up call with you in the future.  So, thanks for the question, and we'll follow-up with you. PETER KLEIN:  Well, I would refer you to the guidance that I gave when we look forward, and the general answer would be, like in previous launches, we're incredibly excited about the capabilities, probably actually more excited about what we're doing with Windows 8 and re-imagining what you can do with Windows.  And in particular what we're doing, and what our OEM partners are doing to deliver really cool devices, and really exciting form factors.  So, the general answer is, no, we're probably more excited about this launch than any launch in along time. PETER KLEIN:  You know, thank you, it's actually all of those things.  Certainly, the product roadmap, and the new capabilities that we have cross the board, whether that's System Center 2012 and SQL Server 2012, which is now, and what's coming in Windows Server later this year, as well as the public-private cloud story, which really, really resonates.So, what people are investing in is that roadmap, because they see where they're going long-term, and they're partnering with us to get where they need to get long-term through the increased capabilities in our technology.  And I would add that total cost of ownership does play a big piece of that, particularly on the SQL side.  PETER KLEIN:  Let me start with Lync, and I'll try and tame myself because I just love Lync.  The reason it's growing so fast is because of the capabilities that it provides, as well as the cost savings it provides for companies is really compelling, and it really resonates well with customers.It's lots of new implementations.  Some of it is competitive, some of it is just new applications that people think of really re-imagining how communications happens.  This is one place where the Skype acquisitions plays in and kind of what we showed a little bit this week is how we're really re-imagining communications broadly for all of our customers.  And that story really resonates very well.  It's very easy to sell, it's very easy to see.  The capabilities are very easy to show.  So, that's just a great product, a great set of capabilities, a great value proposition for CIOs and end users alike.And, as Bill said, we think unified communications is a really big market opportunity for us, and we've felt that for a long time, and we're really starting to see it with this version of Lync, and what we're doing going forward. PETER KLEIN:  Mostly related to the increase in our cloud businesses sort of across the board.  We're getting good adoption and acceleration, so it's a little bit of an increase related across the board, Azure, Office 365 capacity.